

Event: send1
get_segmeter_data = true
command = (all_nodes (start_data))
status = nil
stream = nil

Event: receive1
get_segmeter_data = false
command = nil
status = timeout
stream = nil

Event: read(data_file)2
line = SEGMeter-A
count = 1
temp_node_list = table: 0x44d280

Event: read(data_file)2
line = farid
count = 2
temp_node_list = table: 0x44d280


Event: open(data_file_path)
big_string = nil
data_file = file (0x4734a8)

Event: close(data_file)
data_file = file (closed)

Event: write2(data_file)
save_data = true
data_file = file (0x488b88)

Event: get_data_timer
output = false
data_rate = 60
next_data_time = 1476389789

Event: receive1
get_segmeter_data = false
command = nil
status = timeout
stream = nil

Event: open(data_file_path)
big_string = nil
data_file = file (0x487c10)

Event: close(data_file)
data_file = file (closed)

Event: get_data_timer
output = false
data_rate = 60
next_data_time = 1476389789

Event: receive1
get_segmeter_data = false
command = nil
status = timeout
stream = nil

Event: open(data_file_path)
big_string = nil
data_file = file (0x48f490)

Event: close(data_file)
data_file = file (closed)

Event: get_data_timer
output = false
data_rate = 60
next_data_time = 1476389789

Event: receive1
get_segmeter_data = false
command = nil
status = timeout
stream = nil

Event: open(data_file_path)
big_string = nil
data_file = file (0x462590)

Event: close(data_file)
data_file = file (closed)

Event: get_data_timer
output = false
data_rate = 60
next_data_time = 1476389789

Event: receive1
get_segmeter_data = false
command = nil
status = timeout
stream = nil

Event: open(data_file_path)
big_string = nil
data_file = file (0x487b58)

Event: close(data_file)
data_file = file (closed)

Event: get_data_timer
output = false
data_rate = 60
next_data_time = 1476389789

Event: receive1
get_segmeter_data = false
command = nil
status = timeout
stream = nil

Event: open(data_file_path)
big_string = nil
data_file = file (0x468180)

Event: close(data_file)
data_file = file (closed)

Event: write2(data_file)
save_data = true
data_file = file (0x4861b0)

Event: get_data_timer
output = false
data_rate = 60
next_data_time = 1476389789

Event: receive1
get_segmeter_data = false
command = nil
status = timeout
stream = nil

Event: open(data_file_path)
big_string = nil
data_file = file (0x46b3b8)

Event: close(data_file)
data_file = file (closed)

Event: write2(data_file)
save_data = true
data_file = file (0x4705a0)

Event: get_data_timer
output = false
data_rate = 60
next_data_time = 1476389789

Event: receive1
get_segmeter_data = false
command = nil
status = timeout
stream = nil

Event: open(data_file_path)
big_string = nil
data_file = file (0x474da0)

Event: close(data_file)
data_file = file (closed)

Event: get_data_timer
output = false
data_rate = 60
next_data_time = 1476389789

Event: receive1
get_segmeter_data = false
command = nil
status = timeout
stream = nil

Event: open(data_file_path)
big_string = nil
data_file = file (0x487578)

Event: close(data_file)
data_file = file (closed)

Event: get_data_timer
output = false
data_rate = 60
next_data_time = 1476389789

Event: receive1
get_segmeter_data = false
command = nil
status = timeout
stream = nil

Event: open(data_file_path)
big_string = nil
data_file = file (0x49e6b8)

Event: close(data_file)
data_file = file (closed)

Event: write2(data_file)
save_data = true
data_file = file (0x4598e0)

Event: get_data_timer
output = true
data_rate = 60
next_data_time = 1476389865
:::

Event: send1
get_segmeter_data = true
command = (all_nodes (start_data))
status = timeout
stream = nil

Event: receive1
get_segmeter_data = false
command = nil
status = timeout
stream = nil

Event: open(data_file_path)
big_string = nil
data_file = file (0x4650a8)

Event: close(data_file)
data_file = file (closed)

Event: get_data_timer
output = false
data_rate = 60
next_data_time = 1476389865

Event: receive1
get_segmeter_data = false
command = nil
status = timeout
stream = nil

Event: open(data_file_path)
big_string = nil
data_file = file (0x468180)

Event: close(data_file)
data_file = file (closed)

Event: get_data_timer
output = false
data_rate = 60
next_data_time = 1476389865

Event: receive1
get_segmeter_data = false
command = nil
status = timeout
stream = nil

Event: open(data_file_path)
big_string = nil
data_file = file (0x460a28)

Event: close(data_file)
data_file = file (closed)

Event: get_data_timer
output = false
data_rate = 60
next_data_time = 1476389865

Event: receive1
get_segmeter_data = false
command = nil
status = timeout
stream = nil

Event: open(data_file_path)
big_string = nil
data_file = file (0x49eac8)

Event: close(data_file)
data_file = file (closed)

Event: get_data_timer
output = false
data_rate = 60
next_data_time = 1476389865

Event: receive1
get_segmeter_data = false
command = nil
status = timeout
stream = nil

Event: open(data_file_path)
big_string = nil
data_file = file (0x48b5b8)

Event: close(data_file)
data_file = file (closed)

Event: write2(data_file)
save_data = true
data_file = file (0x4546f8)

Event: get_data_timer
output = false
data_rate = 60
next_data_time = 1476389865

Event: receive1
get_segmeter_data = false
command = nil
status = timeout
stream = nil

Event: open(data_file_path)
big_string = nil
data_file = file (0x454ae0)

Event: close(data_file)
data_file = file (closed)

Event: write2(data_file)
save_data = true
data_file = file (0x48daa0)

Event: get_data_timer
output = false
data_rate = 60
next_data_time = 1476389865

Event: receive1
get_segmeter_data = false
command = nil
status = timeout
stream = nil

Event: open(data_file_path)
big_string = nil
data_file = file (0x488820)

Event: close(data_file)
data_file = file (closed)

Event: get_data_timer
output = false
data_rate = 60
next_data_time = 1476389865

Event: receive1
get_segmeter_data = false
command = nil
status = timeout
stream = nil

Event: open(data_file_path)
big_string = nil
data_file = file (0x465080)

Event: close(data_file)
data_file = file (closed)

Event: get_data_timer
output = false
data_rate = 60
next_data_time = 1476389865

Event: receive1
get_segmeter_data = false
command = nil
status = timeout
stream = nil

Event: open(data_file_path)
big_string = nil
data_file = file (0x459d30)

Event: close(data_file)
data_file = file (closed)

Event: get_data_timer
output = false
data_rate = 60
next_data_time = 1476389865

Event: receive1
get_segmeter_data = false
command = nil
status = timeout
stream = nil

Event: open(data_file_path)
big_string = nil
data_file = file (0x445278)

Event: close(data_file)
data_file = file (closed)

Event: get_data_timer
output = true
data_rate = 60
next_data_time = 1476389936
:::

Event: send1
get_segmeter_data = true
command = (all_nodes (start_data))
status = timeout
stream = nil

Event: receive1
get_segmeter_data = false
command = nil
status = timeout
stream = nil

Event: open(data_file_path)
big_string = nil
data_file = file (0x48b640)

Event: close(data_file)
data_file = file (closed)

Event: write2(data_file)
save_data = true
data_file = file (0x45d990)

Event: get_data_timer
output = false
data_rate = 60
next_data_time = 1476389936

Event: receive1
get_segmeter_data = false
command = nil
status = timeout
stream = nil

Event: open(data_file_path)
big_string = nil
data_file = file (0x487048)

Event: close(data_file)
data_file = file (closed)

Event: get_data_timer
output = false
data_rate = 60
next_data_time = 1476389936

Event: receive1
get_segmeter_data = false
command = nil
status = timeout
stream = nil

Event: open(data_file_path)
big_string = nil
data_file = file (0x4607a8)

Event: close(data_file)
data_file = file (closed)

Event: get_data_timer
output = false
data_rate = 60
next_data_time = 1476389936

Event: receive1
get_segmeter_data = false
command = nil
status = timeout
stream = nil

Event: open(data_file_path)
big_string = nil
data_file = file (0x49f630)

Event: close(data_file)
data_file = file (closed)

Event: get_data_timer
output = false
data_rate = 60
next_data_time = 1476389936

Event: receive1
get_segmeter_data = false
command = nil
status = timeout
stream = nil

Event: open(data_file_path)
big_string = nil
data_file = file (0x476138)

Event: close(data_file)
data_file = file (closed)

Event: write2(data_file)
save_data = true
data_file = file (0x473510)

Event: get_data_timer
output = false
data_rate = 60
next_data_time = 1476389936

Event: receive1
get_segmeter_data = false
command = nil
status = timeout
stream = nil

Event: open(data_file_path)
big_string = nil
data_file = file (0x457bc0)

Event: close(data_file)
data_file = file (closed)

Event: get_data_timer
output = false
data_rate = 60
next_data_time = 1476389936

Event: receive1
get_segmeter_data = false
command = nil
status = timeout
stream = nil

Event: open(data_file_path)
big_string = nil
data_file = file (0x457a38)

Event: close(data_file)
data_file = file (closed)

Event: get_data_timer
output = false
data_rate = 60
next_data_time = 1476389936

Event: receive1
get_segmeter_data = false
command = nil
status = timeout
stream = nil

Event: open(data_file_path)
big_string = nil
data_file = file (0x48e140)

Event: close(data_file)
data_file = file (closed)

Event: get_data_timer
output = false
data_rate = 60
next_data_time = 1476389936

Event: receive1
get_segmeter_data = false
command = nil
status = timeout
stream = nil

Event: open(data_file_path)
big_string = nil
data_file = file (0x467aa8)

Event: close(data_file)
data_file = file (closed)

Event: get_data_timer
output = false
data_rate = 60
next_data_time = 1476389936

Event: receive1
get_segmeter_data = false
command = nil
status = timeout
stream = nil

Event: open(data_file_path)
big_string = nil
data_file = file (0x45aff0)

Event: close(data_file)
data_file = file (closed)

Event: get_data_timer
output = false
data_rate = 60
next_data_time = 1476389936

Event: receive1
get_segmeter_data = false
command = nil
status = timeout
stream = nil

Event: open(data_file_path)
big_string = nil
data_file = file (0x48eb30)

Event: close(data_file)
data_file = file (closed)

Event: get_data_timer
output = true
data_rate = 60
next_data_time = 1476389997
:::

Event: send1
get_segmeter_data = true
command = (all_nodes (start_data))
status = timeout
stream = nil

Event: receive1
get_segmeter_data = false
command = nil
status = timeout
stream = nil

Event: open(data_file_path)
big_string = nil
data_file = file (0x487308)

Event: close(data_file)
data_file = file (closed)

Event: get_data_timer
output = false
data_rate = 60
next_data_time = 1476389997

Event: receive1
get_segmeter_data = false
command = nil
status = timeout
stream = nil

Event: open(data_file_path)
big_string = nil
data_file = file (0x457b98)

Event: close(data_file)
data_file = file (closed)

Event: write2(data_file)
save_data = true
data_file = file (0x44f1f8)

Event: get_data_timer
output = false
data_rate = 60
next_data_time = 1476389997

Event: receive1
get_segmeter_data = false
command = nil
status = timeout
stream = nil

Event: open(data_file_path)
big_string = nil
data_file = file (0x460688)

Event: close(data_file)
data_file = file (closed)

Event: get_data_timer
output = false
data_rate = 60
next_data_time = 1476389997

Event: receive1
get_segmeter_data = false
command = nil
status = timeout
stream = nil

Event: open(data_file_path)
big_string = nil
data_file = file (0x488fb0)

Event: close(data_file)
data_file = file (closed)

Event: get_data_timer
output = false
data_rate = 60
next_data_time = 1476389997

Event: receive1
get_segmeter_data = false
command = nil
status = timeout
stream = nil

Event: open(data_file_path)
big_string = nil
data_file = file (0x48f4e8)

Event: close(data_file)
data_file = file (closed)

Event: get_data_timer
output = false
data_rate = 60
next_data_time = 1476389997

Event: receive1
get_segmeter_data = false
command = nil
status = timeout
stream = nil

Event: open(data_file_path)
big_string = nil
data_file = file (0x444d70)

Event: close(data_file)
data_file = file (closed)

Event: write2(data_file)
save_data = true
data_file = file (0x454478)

Event: get_data_timer
output = false
data_rate = 60
next_data_time = 1476389997

Event: receive1
get_segmeter_data = false
command = nil
status = timeout
stream = nil

Event: open(data_file_path)
big_string = nil
data_file = file (0x486340)

Event: close(data_file)
data_file = file (closed)

Event: get_data_timer
output = false
data_rate = 60
next_data_time = 1476389997

Event: receive1
get_segmeter_data = false
command = nil
status = timeout
stream = nil

Event: open(data_file_path)
big_string = nil
data_file = file (0x459d30)

Event: close(data_file)
data_file = file (closed)

Event: get_data_timer
output = false
data_rate = 60
next_data_time = 1476389997

Event: receive1
get_segmeter_data = false
command = nil
status = timeout
stream = nil

Event: open(data_file_path)
big_string = nil
data_file = file (0x487250)

Event: close(data_file)
data_file = file (closed)

Event: get_data_timer
output = true
data_rate = 60
next_data_time = 1476390063
:::

Event: send1
get_segmeter_data = true
command = (all_nodes (start_data))
status = timeout
stream = nil

Event: receive1
get_segmeter_data = false
command = nil
status = timeout
stream = nil

Event: open(data_file_path)
big_string = nil
data_file = file (0x460b28)

Event: close(data_file)
data_file = file (closed)

Event: get_data_timer
output = false
data_rate = 60
next_data_time = 1476390063

Event: receive1
get_segmeter_data = false
command = nil
status = timeout
stream = nil

Event: open(data_file_path)
big_string = nil
data_file = file (0x4a7a00)

Event: close(data_file)
data_file = file (closed)

Event: get_data_timer
output = false
data_rate = 60
next_data_time = 1476390063

Event: receive1
get_segmeter_data = false
command = nil
status = timeout
stream = nil

Event: open(data_file_path)
big_string = nil
data_file = file (0x486e18)

Event: close(data_file)
data_file = file (closed)

Event: write2(data_file)
save_data = true
data_file = file (0x4563c0)

Event: get_data_timer
output = false
data_rate = 60
next_data_time = 1476390063

Event: receive1
get_segmeter_data = false
command = nil
status = timeout
stream = nil

Event: open(data_file_path)
big_string = nil
data_file = file (0x476650)

Event: close(data_file)
data_file = file (closed)

Event: get_data_timer
output = false
data_rate = 60
next_data_time = 1476390063

Event: receive1
get_segmeter_data = false
command = nil
status = timeout
stream = nil

Event: open(data_file_path)
big_string = nil
data_file = file (0x4590a8)

Event: close(data_file)
data_file = file (closed)

Event: get_data_timer
output = false
data_rate = 60
next_data_time = 1476390063

Event: receive1
get_segmeter_data = false
command = nil
status = timeout
stream = nil

Event: open(data_file_path)
big_string = nil
data_file = file (0x464f60)

Event: close(data_file)
data_file = file (closed)

Event: get_data_timer
output = false
data_rate = 60
next_data_time = 1476390063

Event: receive1
get_segmeter_data = false
command = nil
status = timeout
stream = nil

Event: open(data_file_path)
big_string = nil
data_file = file (0x48f438)

Event: close(data_file)
data_file = file (closed)

Event: get_data_timer
output = false
data_rate = 60
next_data_time = 1476390063

Event: receive1
get_segmeter_data = false
command = nil
status = timeout
stream = nil

Event: open(data_file_path)
big_string = nil
data_file = file (0x4604e0)

Event: close(data_file)
data_file = file (closed)

Event: write2(data_file)
save_data = true
data_file = file (0x48f9c8)

Event: get_data_timer
output = false
data_rate = 60
next_data_time = 1476390063

Event: receive1
get_segmeter_data = false
command = nil
status = timeout
stream = nil

Event: open(data_file_path)
big_string = nil
data_file = file (0x4569c0)

Event: close(data_file)
data_file = file (closed)

Event: get_data_timer
output = true
data_rate = 60
next_data_time = 1476390137
:::

Event: send1
get_segmeter_data = true
command = (all_nodes (start_data))
status = timeout
stream = nil

Event: receive1
get_segmeter_data = false
command = nil
status = timeout
stream = nil

Event: open(data_file_path)
big_string = nil
data_file = file (0x4752c8)

Event: close(data_file)
data_file = file (closed)

Event: get_data_timer
output = false
data_rate = 60
next_data_time = 1476390137

Event: receive1
get_segmeter_data = false
command = nil
status = timeout
stream = nil

Event: open(data_file_path)
big_string = nil
data_file = file (0x49e558)

Event: close(data_file)
data_file = file (closed)

Event: get_data_timer
output = false
data_rate = 60
next_data_time = 1476390137

Event: receive1
get_segmeter_data = false
command = nil
status = timeout
stream = nil

Event: open(data_file_path)
big_string = nil
data_file = file (0x4750b8)

Event: close(data_file)
data_file = file (closed)

Event: get_data_timer
output = false
data_rate = 60
next_data_time = 1476390137

Event: receive1
get_segmeter_data = false
command = nil
status = timeout
stream = nil

Event: open(data_file_path)
big_string = nil
data_file = file (0x4638f0)

Event: close(data_file)
data_file = file (closed)

Event: get_data_timer
output = false
data_rate = 60
next_data_time = 1476390137

Event: receive1
get_segmeter_data = false
command = nil
status = timeout
stream = nil

Event: open(data_file_path)
big_string = nil
data_file = file (0x4537f8)

Event: close(data_file)
data_file = file (closed)

Event: write2(data_file)
save_data = true
data_file = file (0x4526e8)

Event: get_data_timer
output = false
data_rate = 60
next_data_time = 1476390137

Event: receive1
get_segmeter_data = false
command = nil
status = timeout
stream = nil

Event: open(data_file_path)
big_string = nil
data_file = file (0x4549f0)

Event: close(data_file)
data_file = file (closed)

Event: get_data_timer
output = false
data_rate = 60
next_data_time = 1476390137

Event: receive1
get_segmeter_data = false
command = nil
status = timeout
stream = nil

Event: open(data_file_path)
big_string = nil
data_file = file (0x46c310)

Event: close(data_file)
data_file = file (closed)

Event: get_data_timer
output = false
data_rate = 60
next_data_time = 1476390137

Event: receive1
get_segmeter_data = false
command = nil
status = timeout
stream = nil

Event: open(data_file_path)
big_string = nil
data_file = file (0x456a98)

Event: close(data_file)
data_file = file (closed)

Event: get_data_timer
output = false
data_rate = 60
next_data_time = 1476390137

Event: receive1
get_segmeter_data = false
command = nil
status = timeout
stream = nil

Event: open(data_file_path)
big_string = nil
data_file = file (0x48f528)

Event: close(data_file)
data_file = file (closed)

Event: get_data_timer
output = false
data_rate = 60
next_data_time = 1476390137

Event: receive1
get_segmeter_data = false
command = nil
status = timeout
stream = nil

Event: open(data_file_path)
big_string = nil
data_file = file (0x4887a0)

Event: close(data_file)
data_file = file (closed)

Event: write2(data_file)
save_data = true
data_file = file (0x472f18)

Event: get_data_timer
output = false
data_rate = 60
next_data_time = 1476390137

Event: receive1
get_segmeter_data = false
command = nil
status = timeout
stream = nil

Event: open(data_file_path)
big_string = nil
data_file = file (0x49da90)

Event: close(data_file)
data_file = file (closed)

Event: get_data_timer
output = true
data_rate = 60
next_data_time = 1476390209
:::

Event: send1
get_segmeter_data = true
command = (all_nodes (start_data))
status = timeout
stream = nil

Event: receive1
get_segmeter_data = false
command = nil
status = timeout
stream = nil

Event: open(data_file_path)
big_string = nil
data_file = file (0x48da78)

Event: close(data_file)
data_file = file (closed)

Event: get_data_timer
output = false
data_rate = 60
next_data_time = 1476390209

Event: receive1
get_segmeter_data = false
command = nil
status = timeout
stream = nil

Event: open(data_file_path)
big_string = nil
data_file = file (0x48ec40)

Event: close(data_file)
data_file = file (closed)

Event: get_data_timer
output = false
data_rate = 60
next_data_time = 1476390209

Event: receive1
get_segmeter_data = false
command = nil
status = timeout
stream = nil

Event: open(data_file_path)
big_string = nil
data_file = file (0x44f290)

Event: close(data_file)
data_file = file (closed)

Event: get_data_timer
output = false
data_rate = 60
next_data_time = 1476390209

Event: receive1
get_segmeter_data = false
command = nil
status = timeout
stream = nil

Event: open(data_file_path)
big_string = nil
data_file = file (0x46a300)

Event: close(data_file)
data_file = file (closed)

Event: get_data_timer
output = false
data_rate = 60
next_data_time = 1476390209

Event: receive1
get_segmeter_data = false
command = nil
status = timeout
stream = nil

Event: open(data_file_path)
big_string = nil
data_file = file (0x49e680)

Event: close(data_file)
data_file = file (closed)

Event: write2(data_file)
save_data = true
data_file = file (0x487188)

Event: get_data_timer
output = false
data_rate = 60
next_data_time = 1476390209

Event: receive1
get_segmeter_data = false
command = nil
status = timeout
stream = nil

Event: open(data_file_path)
big_string = nil
data_file = file (0x46b018)

Event: close(data_file)
data_file = file (closed)

Event: get_data_timer
output = false
data_rate = 60
next_data_time = 1476390209

Event: receive1
get_segmeter_data = false
command = nil
status = timeout
stream = nil

Event: open(data_file_path)
big_string = nil
data_file = file (0x481a50)

Event: close(data_file)
data_file = file (closed)

Event: get_data_timer
output = false
data_rate = 60
next_data_time = 1476390209

Event: receive1
get_segmeter_data = false
command = nil
status = timeout
stream = nil

Event: open(data_file_path)
big_string = nil
data_file = file (0x48b5b0)

Event: close(data_file)
data_file = file (closed)

Event: get_data_timer
output = false
data_rate = 60
next_data_time = 1476390209

Event: receive1
get_segmeter_data = false
command = nil
status = timeout
stream = nil

Event: open(data_file_path)
big_string = nil
data_file = file (0x4549a8)

Event: close(data_file)
data_file = file (closed)

Event: get_data_timer
output = false
data_rate = 60
next_data_time = 1476390209

Event: receive1
get_segmeter_data = false
command = nil
status = timeout
stream = nil

Event: open(data_file_path)
big_string = nil
data_file = file (0x46b470)

Event: close(data_file)
data_file = file (closed)

Event: write2(data_file)
save_data = true
data_file = file (0x488050)

Event: get_data_timer
output = true
data_rate = 60
next_data_time = 1476390281
:::

Event: send1
get_segmeter_data = true
command = (all_nodes (start_data))
status = timeout
stream = nil

Event: receive1
get_segmeter_data = false
command = nil
status = timeout
stream = nil

Event: open(data_file_path)
big_string = nil
data_file = file (0x4719c8)

Event: close(data_file)
data_file = file (closed)

Event: get_data_timer
output = false
data_rate = 60
next_data_time = 1476390281

Event: receive1
get_segmeter_data = false
command = nil
status = timeout
stream = nil

Event: open(data_file_path)
big_string = nil
data_file = file (0x496c50)

Event: close(data_file)
data_file = file (closed)

Event: get_data_timer
output = false
data_rate = 60
next_data_time = 1476390281

Event: receive1
get_segmeter_data = false
command = nil
status = timeout
stream = nil

Event: open(data_file_path)
big_string = nil
data_file = file (0x4750c8)

Event: close(data_file)
data_file = file (closed)

Event: get_data_timer
output = false
data_rate = 60
next_data_time = 1476390281

Event: receive1
get_segmeter_data = false
command = nil
status = timeout
stream = nil

Event: open(data_file_path)
big_string = nil
data_file = file (0x4804f0)

Event: close(data_file)
data_file = file (closed)

Event: get_data_timer
output = false
data_rate = 60
next_data_time = 1476390281

Event: receive1
get_segmeter_data = false
command = nil
status = timeout
stream = nil

Event: open(data_file_path)
big_string = nil
data_file = file (0x47c060)

Event: close(data_file)
data_file = file (closed)

Event: write2(data_file)
save_data = true
data_file = file (0x46b728)

Event: get_data_timer
output = false
data_rate = 60
next_data_time = 1476390281

Event: receive1
get_segmeter_data = false
command = nil
status = timeout
stream = nil

Event: open(data_file_path)
big_string = nil
data_file = file (0x453e38)

Event: close(data_file)
data_file = file (closed)

Event: get_data_timer
output = false
data_rate = 60
next_data_time = 1476390281

Event: receive1
get_segmeter_data = false
command = nil
status = timeout
stream = nil

Event: open(data_file_path)
big_string = nil
data_file = file (0x471f48)

Event: close(data_file)
data_file = file (closed)

Event: get_data_timer
output = false
data_rate = 60
next_data_time = 1476390281

Event: receive1
get_segmeter_data = false
command = nil
status = timeout
stream = nil

Event: open(data_file_path)
big_string = nil
data_file = file (0x49e530)

Event: close(data_file)
data_file = file (closed)

Event: get_data_timer
output = false
data_rate = 60
next_data_time = 1476390281

Event: receive1
get_segmeter_data = false
command = nil
status = timeout
stream = nil

Event: open(data_file_path)
big_string = nil
data_file = file (0x454bd0)

Event: close(data_file)
data_file = file (closed)

Event: get_data_timer
output = true
data_rate = 60
next_data_time = 1476390350
:::

Event: send1
get_segmeter_data = true
command = (all_nodes (start_data))
status = timeout
stream = nil

Event: receive1
get_segmeter_data = false
command = nil
status = timeout
stream = nil

Event: open(data_file_path)
big_string = nil
data_file = file (0x46c358)

Event: close(data_file)
data_file = file (closed)

Event: write2(data_file)
save_data = true
data_file = file (0x46b688)

Event: get_data_timer
output = false
data_rate = 60
next_data_time = 1476390350

Event: receive1
get_segmeter_data = false
command = nil
status = timeout
stream = nil

Event: open(data_file_path)
big_string = nil
data_file = file (0x453870)

Event: close(data_file)
data_file = file (closed)

Event: get_data_timer
output = false
data_rate = 60
next_data_time = 1476390350

Event: receive1
get_segmeter_data = false
command = nil
status = timeout
stream = nil

Event: open(data_file_path)
big_string = nil
data_file = file (0x471de0)

Event: close(data_file)
data_file = file (closed)

Event: get_data_timer
output = false
data_rate = 60
next_data_time = 1476390350

Event: receive1
get_segmeter_data = false
command = nil
status = timeout
stream = nil

Event: open(data_file_path)
big_string = nil
data_file = file (0x444fd0)

Event: close(data_file)
data_file = file (closed)

Event: get_data_timer
output = false
data_rate = 60
next_data_time = 1476390350

Event: receive1
get_segmeter_data = false
command = nil
status = timeout
stream = nil

Event: open(data_file_path)
big_string = nil
data_file = file (0x4731c8)

Event: close(data_file)
data_file = file (closed)

Event: get_data_timer
output = false
data_rate = 60
next_data_time = 1476390350

Event: receive1
get_segmeter_data = false
command = nil
status = timeout
stream = nil

Event: open(data_file_path)
big_string = nil
data_file = file (0x49dc28)

Event: close(data_file)
data_file = file (closed)

Event: get_data_timer
output = false
data_rate = 60
next_data_time = 1476390350

Event: receive1
get_segmeter_data = false
command = nil
status = timeout
stream = nil

Event: open(data_file_path)
big_string = nil
data_file = file (0x48eb78)

Event: close(data_file)
data_file = file (closed)

Event: write2(data_file)
save_data = true
data_file = file (0x488030)

Event: get_data_timer
output = false
data_rate = 60
next_data_time = 1476390350

Event: receive1
get_segmeter_data = false
command = nil
status = timeout
stream = nil

Event: open(data_file_path)
big_string = nil
data_file = file (0x456348)

Event: close(data_file)
data_file = file (closed)

Event: get_data_timer
output = false
data_rate = 60
next_data_time = 1476390350

Event: receive1
get_segmeter_data = false
command = nil
status = timeout
stream = nil

Event: open(data_file_path)
big_string = nil
data_file = file (0x44efc0)

Event: close(data_file)
data_file = file (closed)

Event: get_data_timer
output = false
data_rate = 60
next_data_time = 1476390350

Event: receive1
get_segmeter_data = false
command = nil
status = timeout
stream = nil

Event: open(data_file_path)
big_string = nil
data_file = file (0x463920)

Event: close(data_file)
data_file = file (closed)

Event: get_data_timer
output = false
data_rate = 60
next_data_time = 1476390350

Event: receive1
get_segmeter_data = false
command = nil
status = timeout
stream = nil

Event: open(data_file_path)
big_string = nil
data_file = file (0x48f630)

Event: close(data_file)
data_file = file (closed)

Event: get_data_timer
output = true
data_rate = 60
next_data_time = 1476390426
:::

Event: send1
get_segmeter_data = true
command = (all_nodes (start_data))
status = timeout
stream = nil

Event: receive1
get_segmeter_data = false
command = nil
status = timeout
stream = nil

Event: open(data_file_path)
big_string = nil
data_file = file (0x460718)

Event: close(data_file)
data_file = file (closed)

Event: write2(data_file)
save_data = true
data_file = file (0x444fb0)

Event: get_data_timer
output = false
data_rate = 60
next_data_time = 1476390426

Event: receive1
get_segmeter_data = false
command = nil
status = timeout
stream = nil

Event: open(data_file_path)
big_string = nil
data_file = file (0x483c40)

Event: close(data_file)
data_file = file (closed)

Event: get_data_timer
output = false
data_rate = 60
next_data_time = 1476390426

Event: receive1
get_segmeter_data = false
command = nil
status = timeout
stream = nil

Event: open(data_file_path)
big_string = nil
data_file = file (0x48d288)

Event: close(data_file)
data_file = file (closed)

Event: get_data_timer
output = false
data_rate = 60
next_data_time = 1476390426

Event: receive1
get_segmeter_data = false
command = nil
status = timeout
stream = nil

Event: open(data_file_path)
big_string = nil
data_file = file (0x48f3b8)

Event: close(data_file)
data_file = file (closed)

Event: get_data_timer
output = false
data_rate = 60
next_data_time = 1476390426

Event: receive1
get_segmeter_data = false
command = nil
status = timeout
stream = nil

Event: open(data_file_path)
big_string = nil
data_file = file (0x46f4d0)

Event: close(data_file)
data_file = file (closed)

Event: get_data_timer
output = false
data_rate = 60
next_data_time = 1476390426

Event: receive1
get_segmeter_data = false
command = nil
status = timeout
stream = nil

Event: open(data_file_path)
big_string = nil
data_file = file (0x4602c8)

Event: close(data_file)
data_file = file (closed)

Event: write2(data_file)
save_data = true
data_file = file (0x4a1860)

Event: get_data_timer
output = false
data_rate = 60
next_data_time = 1476390426

Event: receive1
get_segmeter_data = false
command = nil
status = timeout
stream = nil

Event: open(data_file_path)
big_string = nil
data_file = file (0x4a1f98)

Event: close(data_file)
data_file = file (closed)

Event: get_data_timer
output = false
data_rate = 60
next_data_time = 1476390426

Event: receive1
get_segmeter_data = false
command = nil
status = timeout
stream = nil

Event: open(data_file_path)
big_string = nil
data_file = file (0x4568e0)

Event: close(data_file)
data_file = file (closed)

Event: get_data_timer
output = false
data_rate = 60
next_data_time = 1476390426

Event: receive1
get_segmeter_data = false
command = nil
status = timeout
stream = nil

Event: open(data_file_path)
big_string = nil
data_file = file (0x445060)

Event: close(data_file)
data_file = file (closed)

Event: get_data_timer
output = true
data_rate = 60
next_data_time = 1476390496
:::

Event: send1
get_segmeter_data = true
command = (all_nodes (start_data))
status = timeout
stream = nil

Event: receive1
get_segmeter_data = false
command = nil
status = timeout
stream = nil

Event: open(data_file_path)
big_string = nil
data_file = file (0x444d90)

Event: close(data_file)
data_file = file (closed)

Event: get_data_timer
output = false
data_rate = 60
next_data_time = 1476390496

Event: receive1
get_segmeter_data = false
command = nil
status = timeout
stream = nil

Event: open(data_file_path)
big_string = nil
data_file = file (0x483e50)

Event: close(data_file)
data_file = file (closed)

Event: write2(data_file)
save_data = true
data_file = file (0x468110)

Event: get_data_timer
output = false
data_rate = 60
next_data_time = 1476390496

Event: receive1
get_segmeter_data = false
command = nil
status = timeout
stream = nil

Event: open(data_file_path)
big_string = nil
data_file = file (0x444f58)

Event: close(data_file)
data_file = file (closed)

Event: get_data_timer
output = false
data_rate = 60
next_data_time = 1476390496

Event: receive1
get_segmeter_data = false
command = nil
status = timeout
stream = nil

Event: open(data_file_path)
big_string = nil
data_file = file (0x452548)

Event: close(data_file)
data_file = file (closed)

Event: get_data_timer
output = false
data_rate = 60
next_data_time = 1476390496

Event: receive1
get_segmeter_data = false
command = nil
status = timeout
stream = nil

Event: open(data_file_path)
big_string = nil
data_file = file (0x4a1ad0)

Event: close(data_file)
data_file = file (closed)

Event: get_data_timer
output = false
data_rate = 60
next_data_time = 1476390496

Event: receive1
get_segmeter_data = false
command = nil
status = timeout
stream = nil

Event: open(data_file_path)
big_string = nil
data_file = file (0x46ede0)

Event: close(data_file)
data_file = file (closed)

Event: get_data_timer
output = false
data_rate = 60
next_data_time = 1476390496

Event: receive1
get_segmeter_data = false
command = nil
status = timeout
stream = nil

Event: open(data_file_path)
big_string = nil
data_file = file (0x470ae0)

Event: close(data_file)
data_file = file (closed)

Event: write2(data_file)
save_data = true
data_file = file (0x481ad0)

Event: get_data_timer
output = false
data_rate = 60
next_data_time = 1476390496

Event: receive1
get_segmeter_data = false
command = nil
status = timeout
stream = nil

Event: open(data_file_path)
big_string = nil
data_file = file (0x477080)

Event: close(data_file)
data_file = file (closed)

Event: get_data_timer
output = false
data_rate = 60
next_data_time = 1476390496

Event: receive1
get_segmeter_data = false
command = nil
status = timeout
stream = nil

Event: open(data_file_path)
big_string = nil
data_file = file (0x4a8ae0)

Event: close(data_file)
data_file = file (closed)

Event: get_data_timer
output = false
data_rate = 60
next_data_time = 1476390496

Event: receive1
get_segmeter_data = false
command = nil
status = timeout
stream = nil

Event: open(data_file_path)
big_string = nil
data_file = file (0x476610)

Event: close(data_file)
data_file = file (closed)

Event: get_data_timer
output = true
data_rate = 60
next_data_time = 1476390569
:::

Event: send1
get_segmeter_data = true
command = (all_nodes (start_data))
status = timeout
stream = nil

Event: receive1
get_segmeter_data = false
command = nil
status = timeout
stream = nil

Event: open(data_file_path)
big_string = nil
data_file = file (0x4667a0)

Event: close(data_file)
data_file = file (closed)

Event: get_data_timer
output = false
data_rate = 60
next_data_time = 1476390569

Event: receive1
get_segmeter_data = false
command = nil
status = timeout
stream = nil

Event: open(data_file_path)
big_string = nil
data_file = file (0x45b0e0)

Event: close(data_file)
data_file = file (closed)

Event: get_data_timer
output = false
data_rate = 60
next_data_time = 1476390569

Event: receive1
get_segmeter_data = false
command = nil
status = timeout
stream = nil

Event: open(data_file_path)
big_string = nil
data_file = file (0x459920)

Event: close(data_file)
data_file = file (closed)

Event: write2(data_file)
save_data = true
data_file = file (0x44f290)

Event: get_data_timer
output = false
data_rate = 60
next_data_time = 1476390569

Event: receive1
get_segmeter_data = false
command = nil
status = timeout
stream = nil

Event: open(data_file_path)
big_string = nil
data_file = file (0x453790)

Event: close(data_file)
data_file = file (closed)

Event: get_data_timer
output = false
data_rate = 60
next_data_time = 1476390569

Event: receive1
get_segmeter_data = false
command = nil
status = timeout
stream = nil

Event: open(data_file_path)
big_string = nil
data_file = file (0x45b010)

Event: close(data_file)
data_file = file (closed)

Event: get_data_timer
output = false
data_rate = 60
next_data_time = 1476390569

Event: receive1
get_segmeter_data = false
command = nil
status = timeout
stream = nil

Event: open(data_file_path)
big_string = nil
data_file = file (0x445160)

Event: close(data_file)
data_file = file (closed)

Event: get_data_timer
output = false
data_rate = 60
next_data_time = 1476390569

Event: receive1
get_segmeter_data = false
command = nil
status = timeout
stream = nil

Event: open(data_file_path)
big_string = nil
data_file = file (0x456718)

Event: close(data_file)
data_file = file (closed)

Event: write2(data_file)
save_data = true
data_file = file (0x4637e0)

Event: get_data_timer
output = false
data_rate = 60
next_data_time = 1476390569

Event: receive1
get_segmeter_data = false
command = nil
status = timeout
stream = nil

Event: open(data_file_path)
big_string = nil
data_file = file (0x46b730)

Event: close(data_file)
data_file = file (closed)

Event: get_data_timer
output = false
data_rate = 60
next_data_time = 1476390569

Event: receive1
get_segmeter_data = false
command = nil
status = timeout
stream = nil

Event: open(data_file_path)
big_string = nil
data_file = file (0x4450a8)

Event: close(data_file)
data_file = file (closed)

Event: get_data_timer
output = true
data_rate = 60
next_data_time = 1476390641
:::

Event: send1
get_segmeter_data = true
command = (all_nodes (start_data))
status = timeout
stream = nil

Event: receive1
get_segmeter_data = false
command = nil
status = timeout
stream = nil

Event: open(data_file_path)
big_string = nil
data_file = file (0x45ac10)

Event: close(data_file)
data_file = file (closed)

Event: get_data_timer
output = false
data_rate = 60
next_data_time = 1476390641

Event: receive1
get_segmeter_data = false
command = nil
status = timeout
stream = nil

Event: open(data_file_path)
big_string = nil
data_file = file (0x45b2f0)

Event: close(data_file)
data_file = file (closed)

Event: get_data_timer
output = false
data_rate = 60
next_data_time = 1476390641

Event: receive1
get_segmeter_data = false
command = nil
status = timeout
stream = nil

Event: open(data_file_path)
big_string = nil
data_file = file (0x4ae810)

Event: close(data_file)
data_file = file (closed)

Event: get_data_timer
output = false
data_rate = 60
next_data_time = 1476390641

Event: receive1
get_segmeter_data = false
command = nil
status = timeout
stream = nil

Event: open(data_file_path)
big_string = nil
data_file = file (0x453fa0)

Event: close(data_file)
data_file = file (closed)

Event: write2(data_file)
save_data = true
data_file = file (0x46e650)

Event: get_data_timer
output = false
data_rate = 60
next_data_time = 1476390641

Event: receive1
get_segmeter_data = false
command = nil
status = timeout
stream = nil

Event: open(data_file_path)
big_string = nil
data_file = file (0x4a8500)

Event: close(data_file)
data_file = file (closed)

Event: get_data_timer
output = false
data_rate = 60
next_data_time = 1476390641

Event: receive1
get_segmeter_data = false
command = nil
status = timeout
stream = nil

Event: open(data_file_path)
big_string = nil
data_file = file (0x470a08)

Event: close(data_file)
data_file = file (closed)

Event: get_data_timer
output = false
data_rate = 60
next_data_time = 1476390641

Event: receive1
get_segmeter_data = false
command = nil
status = timeout
stream = nil

Event: open(data_file_path)
big_string = nil
data_file = file (0x453cb0)

Event: close(data_file)
data_file = file (closed)

Event: get_data_timer
output = false
data_rate = 60
next_data_time = 1476390641

Event: receive1
get_segmeter_data = false
command = nil
status = timeout
stream = nil

Event: open(data_file_path)
big_string = nil
data_file = file (0x45b168)

Event: close(data_file)
data_file = file (closed)

Event: write2(data_file)
save_data = true
data_file = file (0x453790)

Event: get_data_timer
output = true
data_rate = 60
next_data_time = 1476390711
:::

Event: send1
get_segmeter_data = true
command = (all_nodes (start_data))
status = timeout
stream = nil

Event: receive1
get_segmeter_data = false
command = nil
status = timeout
stream = nil

Event: open(data_file_path)
big_string = nil
data_file = file (0x4814a0)

Event: close(data_file)
data_file = file (closed)

Event: get_data_timer
output = false
data_rate = 60
next_data_time = 1476390711

Event: receive1
get_segmeter_data = false
command = nil
status = timeout
stream = nil

Event: open(data_file_path)
big_string = nil
data_file = file (0x46f440)

Event: close(data_file)
data_file = file (closed)

Event: get_data_timer
output = false
data_rate = 60
next_data_time = 1476390711

Event: receive1
get_segmeter_data = false
command = nil
status = timeout
stream = nil

Event: open(data_file_path)
big_string = nil
data_file = file (0x481680)

Event: close(data_file)
data_file = file (closed)

Event: get_data_timer
output = false
data_rate = 60
next_data_time = 1476390711

Event: receive1
get_segmeter_data = false
command = nil
status = timeout
stream = nil

Event: open(data_file_path)
big_string = nil
data_file = file (0x46add8)

Event: close(data_file)
data_file = file (closed)

Event: get_data_timer
output = false
data_rate = 60
next_data_time = 1476390711

Event: receive1
get_segmeter_data = false
command = nil
status = timeout
stream = nil

Event: open(data_file_path)
big_string = nil
data_file = file (0x483f30)

Event: close(data_file)
data_file = file (closed)

Event: get_data_timer
output = false
data_rate = 60
next_data_time = 1476390711

Event: receive1
get_segmeter_data = false
command = nil
status = timeout
stream = nil

Event: open(data_file_path)
big_string = nil
data_file = file (0x49df60)

Event: close(data_file)
data_file = file (closed)

Event: write2(data_file)
save_data = true
data_file = file (0x4767b0)

Event: get_data_timer
output = false
data_rate = 60
next_data_time = 1476390711

Event: receive1
get_segmeter_data = false
command = nil
status = timeout
stream = nil

Event: open(data_file_path)
big_string = nil
data_file = file (0x4769c8)

Event: close(data_file)
data_file = file (closed)

Event: get_data_timer
output = false
data_rate = 60
next_data_time = 1476390711

Event: receive1
get_segmeter_data = false
command = nil
status = timeout
stream = nil

Event: open(data_file_path)
big_string = nil
data_file = file (0x4549a8)

Event: close(data_file)
data_file = file (closed)

Event: get_data_timer
output = false
data_rate = 60
next_data_time = 1476390711

Event: receive1
get_segmeter_data = false
command = nil
status = timeout
stream = nil

Event: open(data_file_path)
big_string = nil
data_file = file (0x45b1f8)

Event: close(data_file)
data_file = file (closed)

Event: get_data_timer
output = false
data_rate = 60
next_data_time = 1476390711

Event: receive1
get_segmeter_data = false
command = nil
status = timeout
stream = nil

Event: open(data_file_path)
big_string = nil
data_file = file (0x475ed8)

Event: close(data_file)
data_file = file (closed)

Event: get_data_timer
output = false
data_rate = 60
next_data_time = 1476390711

Event: receive1
get_segmeter_data = false
command = nil
status = timeout
stream = nil

Event: open(data_file_path)
big_string = nil
data_file = file (0x470348)

Event: close(data_file)
data_file = file (closed)

Event: write2(data_file)
save_data = true
data_file = file (0x45b8a8)

Event: get_data_timer
output = true
data_rate = 60
next_data_time = 1476390788
:::

Event: send1
get_segmeter_data = true
command = (all_nodes (start_data))
status = timeout
stream = nil

Event: receive1
get_segmeter_data = false
command = nil
status = timeout
stream = nil

Event: open(data_file_path)
big_string = nil
data_file = file (0x45d9d8)

Event: close(data_file)
data_file = file (closed)

Event: get_data_timer
output = false
data_rate = 60
next_data_time = 1476390788

Event: receive1
get_segmeter_data = false
command = nil
status = timeout
stream = nil

Event: open(data_file_path)
big_string = nil
data_file = file (0x48bfe0)

Event: close(data_file)
data_file = file (closed)

Event: get_data_timer
output = false
data_rate = 60
next_data_time = 1476390788

Event: receive1
get_segmeter_data = false
command = nil
status = timeout
stream = nil

Event: open(data_file_path)
big_string = nil
data_file = file (0x460b90)

Event: close(data_file)
data_file = file (closed)

Event: get_data_timer
output = false
data_rate = 60
next_data_time = 1476390788

Event: receive1
get_segmeter_data = false
command = nil
status = timeout
stream = nil

Event: open(data_file_path)
big_string = nil
data_file = file (0x457b30)

Event: close(data_file)
data_file = file (closed)

Event: get_data_timer
output = false
data_rate = 60
next_data_time = 1476390788

Event: receive1
get_segmeter_data = false
command = nil
status = timeout
stream = nil

Event: open(data_file_path)
big_string = nil
data_file = file (0x46f408)

Event: close(data_file)
data_file = file (closed)

Event: write2(data_file)
save_data = true
data_file = file (0x476af8)

Event: get_data_timer
output = false
data_rate = 60
next_data_time = 1476390788

Event: receive1
get_segmeter_data = false
command = nil
status = timeout
stream = nil

Event: open(data_file_path)
big_string = nil
data_file = file (0x4a0948)

Event: close(data_file)
data_file = file (closed)

Event: get_data_timer
output = false
data_rate = 60
next_data_time = 1476390788

Event: receive1
get_segmeter_data = false
command = nil
status = timeout
stream = nil

Event: open(data_file_path)
big_string = nil
data_file = file (0x452698)

Event: close(data_file)
data_file = file (closed)

Event: get_data_timer
output = false
data_rate = 60
next_data_time = 1476390788

Event: receive1
get_segmeter_data = false
command = nil
status = timeout
stream = nil

Event: open(data_file_path)
big_string = nil
data_file = file (0x469da0)

Event: close(data_file)
data_file = file (closed)

Event: get_data_timer
output = false
data_rate = 60
next_data_time = 1476390788

Event: receive1
get_segmeter_data = false
command = nil
status = timeout
stream = nil

Event: open(data_file_path)
big_string = nil
data_file = file (0x4602a8)

Event: close(data_file)
data_file = file (closed)

Event: write2(data_file)
save_data = true
data_file = file (0x444dd8)

Event: get_data_timer
output = true
data_rate = 60
next_data_time = 1476390862
:::

Event: send1
get_segmeter_data = true
command = (all_nodes (start_data))
status = timeout
stream = nil

Event: receive1
get_segmeter_data = false
command = nil
status = timeout
stream = nil

Event: open(data_file_path)
big_string = nil
data_file = file (0x483a70)

Event: close(data_file)
data_file = file (closed)

Event: get_data_timer
output = false
data_rate = 60
next_data_time = 1476390862

Event: receive1
get_segmeter_data = false
command = nil
status = timeout
stream = nil

Event: open(data_file_path)
big_string = nil
data_file = file (0x44d1f0)

Event: close(data_file)
data_file = file (closed)

Event: get_data_timer
output = false
data_rate = 60
next_data_time = 1476390862

Event: receive1
get_segmeter_data = false
command = nil
status = timeout
stream = nil

Event: open(data_file_path)
big_string = nil
data_file = file (0x460400)

Event: close(data_file)
data_file = file (closed)

Event: get_data_timer
output = false
data_rate = 60
next_data_time = 1476390862

Event: receive1
get_segmeter_data = false
command = nil
status = timeout
stream = nil

Event: open(data_file_path)
big_string = nil
data_file = file (0x46afa8)

Event: close(data_file)
data_file = file (closed)

Event: get_data_timer
output = false
data_rate = 60
next_data_time = 1476390862

Event: receive1
get_segmeter_data = false
command = nil
status = timeout
stream = nil

Event: open(data_file_path)
big_string = nil
data_file = file (0x456ec0)

Event: close(data_file)
data_file = file (closed)

Event: write2(data_file)
save_data = true
data_file = file (0x459d30)

Event: get_data_timer
output = false
data_rate = 60
next_data_time = 1476390862

Event: receive1
get_segmeter_data = false
command = nil
status = timeout
stream = nil

Event: open(data_file_path)
big_string = nil
data_file = file (0x460538)

Event: close(data_file)
data_file = file (closed)

Event: get_data_timer
output = false
data_rate = 60
next_data_time = 1476390862

Event: receive1
get_segmeter_data = false
command = nil
status = timeout
stream = nil

Event: open(data_file_path)
big_string = nil
data_file = file (0x44f1b0)

Event: close(data_file)
data_file = file (closed)

Event: get_data_timer
output = true
data_rate = 60
next_data_time = 1476390928
:::

Event: send1
get_segmeter_data = true
command = (all_nodes (start_data))
status = timeout
stream = nil

Event: receive1
get_segmeter_data = false
command = nil
status = timeout
stream = nil

Event: open(data_file_path)
big_string = nil
data_file = file (0x46b700)

Event: close(data_file)
data_file = file (closed)

Event: write2(data_file)
save_data = true
data_file = file (0x459758)

Event: get_data_timer
output = false
data_rate = 60
next_data_time = 1476390928

Event: receive1
get_segmeter_data = false
command = nil
status = timeout
stream = nil

Event: open(data_file_path)
big_string = nil
data_file = file (0x4a8e40)

Event: close(data_file)
data_file = file (closed)

Event: get_data_timer
output = false
data_rate = 60
next_data_time = 1476390928

Event: receive1
get_segmeter_data = false
command = nil
status = timeout
stream = nil

Event: open(data_file_path)
big_string = nil
data_file = file (0x469da0)

Event: close(data_file)
data_file = file (closed)

Event: get_data_timer
output = false
data_rate = 60
next_data_time = 1476390928

Event: receive1
get_segmeter_data = false
command = nil
status = timeout
stream = nil

Event: open(data_file_path)
big_string = nil
data_file = file (0x4606e8)

Event: close(data_file)
data_file = file (closed)

Event: get_data_timer
output = false
data_rate = 60
next_data_time = 1476390928

Event: receive1
get_segmeter_data = false
command = nil
status = timeout
stream = nil

Event: open(data_file_path)
big_string = nil
data_file = file (0x457cb8)

Event: close(data_file)
data_file = file (closed)

Event: get_data_timer
output = false
data_rate = 60
next_data_time = 1476390928

Event: receive1
get_segmeter_data = false
command = nil
status = timeout
stream = nil

Event: open(data_file_path)
big_string = nil
data_file = file (0x476868)

Event: close(data_file)
data_file = file (closed)

Event: get_data_timer
output = false
data_rate = 60
next_data_time = 1476390928

Event: receive1
get_segmeter_data = false
command = nil
status = timeout
stream = nil

Event: open(data_file_path)
big_string = nil
data_file = file (0x4a6e10)

Event: close(data_file)
data_file = file (closed)

Event: write2(data_file)
save_data = true
data_file = file (0x46f268)

Event: get_data_timer
output = false
data_rate = 60
next_data_time = 1476390928

Event: receive1
get_segmeter_data = false
command = nil
status = timeout
stream = nil

Event: open(data_file_path)
big_string = nil
data_file = file (0x46c310)

Event: close(data_file)
data_file = file (closed)

Event: get_data_timer
output = false
data_rate = 60
next_data_time = 1476390928

Event: receive1
get_segmeter_data = false
command = nil
status = timeout
stream = nil

Event: open(data_file_path)
big_string = nil
data_file = file (0x468248)

Event: close(data_file)
data_file = file (closed)

Event: get_data_timer
output = false
data_rate = 60
next_data_time = 1476390928

Event: receive1
get_segmeter_data = false
command = nil
status = timeout
stream = nil

Event: open(data_file_path)
big_string = nil
data_file = file (0x46efd0)

Event: close(data_file)
data_file = file (closed)

Event: get_data_timer
output = true
data_rate = 60
next_data_time = 1476390998
:::

Event: send1
get_segmeter_data = true
command = (all_nodes (start_data))
status = timeout
stream = nil

Event: receive1
get_segmeter_data = false
command = nil
status = timeout
stream = nil

Event: open(data_file_path)
big_string = nil
data_file = file (0x4565f0)

Event: close(data_file)
data_file = file (closed)

Event: get_data_timer
output = false
data_rate = 60
next_data_time = 1476390998

Event: receive1
get_segmeter_data = false
command = nil
status = timeout
stream = nil

Event: open(data_file_path)
big_string = nil
data_file = file (0x45b4f8)

Event: close(data_file)
data_file = file (closed)

Event: write2(data_file)
save_data = true
data_file = file (0x46b8f0)

Event: get_data_timer
output = false
data_rate = 60
next_data_time = 1476390998

Event: receive1
get_segmeter_data = false
command = nil
status = timeout
stream = nil

Event: open(data_file_path)
big_string = nil
data_file = file (0x46a300)

Event: close(data_file)
data_file = file (closed)

Event: get_data_timer
output = false
data_rate = 60
next_data_time = 1476390998

Event: receive1
get_segmeter_data = false
command = nil
status = timeout
stream = nil

Event: open(data_file_path)
big_string = nil
data_file = file (0x45b8a8)

Event: close(data_file)
data_file = file (closed)

Event: get_data_timer
output = false
data_rate = 60
next_data_time = 1476390998

Event: receive1
get_segmeter_data = false
command = nil
status = timeout
stream = nil

Event: open(data_file_path)
big_string = nil
data_file = file (0x4a6a68)

Event: close(data_file)
data_file = file (closed)

Event: get_data_timer
output = false
data_rate = 60
next_data_time = 1476390998

Event: receive1
get_segmeter_data = false
command = nil
status = timeout
stream = nil

Event: open(data_file_path)
big_string = nil
data_file = file (0x45b490)

Event: close(data_file)
data_file = file (closed)

Event: write2(data_file)
save_data = true
data_file = file (0x4549c8)

Event: get_data_timer
output = false
data_rate = 60
next_data_time = 1476390998

Event: receive1
get_segmeter_data = false
command = nil
status = timeout
stream = nil

Event: open(data_file_path)
big_string = nil
data_file = file (0x4a6bc8)

Event: close(data_file)
data_file = file (closed)

Event: get_data_timer
output = false
data_rate = 60
next_data_time = 1476390998

Event: receive1
get_segmeter_data = false
command = nil
status = timeout
stream = nil

Event: open(data_file_path)
big_string = nil
data_file = file (0x475f50)

Event: close(data_file)
data_file = file (closed)

Event: get_data_timer
output = false
data_rate = 60
next_data_time = 1476390998

Event: receive1
get_segmeter_data = false
command = nil
status = timeout
stream = nil

Event: open(data_file_path)
big_string = nil
data_file = file (0x459d30)

Event: close(data_file)
data_file = file (closed)

Event: get_data_timer
output = true
data_rate = 60
next_data_time = 1476391074
:::

Event: send1
get_segmeter_data = true
command = (all_nodes (start_data))
status = timeout
stream = nil

Event: receive1
get_segmeter_data = false
command = nil
status = timeout
stream = nil

Event: open(data_file_path)
big_string = nil
data_file = file (0x4a68d8)

Event: close(data_file)
data_file = file (closed)

Event: get_data_timer
output = false
data_rate = 60
next_data_time = 1476391074

Event: receive1
get_segmeter_data = false
command = nil
status = timeout
stream = nil

Event: open(data_file_path)
big_string = nil
data_file = file (0x46f080)

Event: close(data_file)
data_file = file (closed)

Event: write2(data_file)
save_data = true
data_file = file (0x4a67e8)

Event: get_data_timer
output = false
data_rate = 60
next_data_time = 1476391074

Event: receive1
get_segmeter_data = false
command = nil
status = timeout
stream = nil

Event: open(data_file_path)
big_string = nil
data_file = file (0x45db68)

Event: close(data_file)
data_file = file (closed)

Event: get_data_timer
output = false
data_rate = 60
next_data_time = 1476391074

Event: receive1
get_segmeter_data = false
command = nil
status = timeout
stream = nil

Event: open(data_file_path)
big_string = nil
data_file = file (0x4708f8)

Event: close(data_file)
data_file = file (closed)

Event: get_data_timer
output = false
data_rate = 60
next_data_time = 1476391074

Event: receive1
get_segmeter_data = false
command = nil
status = timeout
stream = nil

Event: open(data_file_path)
big_string = nil
data_file = file (0x453cd0)

Event: close(data_file)
data_file = file (closed)

Event: write2(data_file)
save_data = true
data_file = file (0x477ae0)

Event: get_data_timer
output = false
data_rate = 60
next_data_time = 1476391074

Event: receive1
get_segmeter_data = false
command = nil
status = timeout
stream = nil

Event: open(data_file_path)
big_string = nil
data_file = file (0x45b878)

Event: close(data_file)
data_file = file (closed)

Event: get_data_timer
output = false
data_rate = 60
next_data_time = 1476391074

Event: receive1
get_segmeter_data = false
command = nil
status = timeout
stream = nil

Event: open(data_file_path)
big_string = nil
data_file = file (0x469910)

Event: close(data_file)
data_file = file (closed)

Event: get_data_timer
output = true
data_rate = 60
next_data_time = 1476391143
:::

Event: send1
get_segmeter_data = true
command = (all_nodes (start_data))
status = timeout
stream = nil

Event: receive1
get_segmeter_data = false
command = nil
status = timeout
stream = nil

Event: open(data_file_path)
big_string = nil
data_file = file (0x45b788)

Event: close(data_file)
data_file = file (closed)

Event: get_data_timer
output = false
data_rate = 60
next_data_time = 1476391143

Event: receive1
get_segmeter_data = false
command = nil
status = timeout
stream = nil

Event: open(data_file_path)
big_string = nil
data_file = file (0x483980)

Event: close(data_file)
data_file = file (closed)

Event: get_data_timer
output = false
data_rate = 60
next_data_time = 1476391143

Event: receive1
get_segmeter_data = false
command = nil
status = timeout
stream = nil

Event: open(data_file_path)
big_string = nil
data_file = file (0x4a8860)

Event: close(data_file)
data_file = file (closed)

Event: write2(data_file)
save_data = true
data_file = file (0x459928)

Event: get_data_timer
output = false
data_rate = 60
next_data_time = 1476391143

Event: receive1
get_segmeter_data = false
command = nil
status = timeout
stream = nil

Event: open(data_file_path)
big_string = nil
data_file = file (0x45ae40)

Event: close(data_file)
data_file = file (closed)

Event: get_data_timer
output = false
data_rate = 60
next_data_time = 1476391143

Event: receive1
get_segmeter_data = false
command = nil
status = timeout
stream = nil

Event: open(data_file_path)
big_string = nil
data_file = file (0x4a89f8)

Event: close(data_file)
data_file = file (closed)

Event: get_data_timer
output = false
data_rate = 60
next_data_time = 1476391143

Event: receive1
get_segmeter_data = false
command = nil
status = timeout
stream = nil

Event: open(data_file_path)
big_string = nil
data_file = file (0x46ed08)

Event: close(data_file)
data_file = file (closed)

Event: get_data_timer
output = false
data_rate = 60
next_data_time = 1476391143

Event: receive1
get_segmeter_data = false
command = nil
status = timeout
stream = nil

Event: open(data_file_path)
big_string = nil
data_file = file (0x475ee8)

Event: close(data_file)
data_file = file (closed)

Event: get_data_timer
output = false
data_rate = 60
next_data_time = 1476391143

Event: receive1
get_segmeter_data = false
command = nil
status = timeout
stream = nil

Event: open(data_file_path)
big_string = nil
data_file = file (0x470760)

Event: close(data_file)
data_file = file (closed)

Event: write2(data_file)
save_data = true
data_file = file (0x44efc0)

Event: get_data_timer
output = false
data_rate = 60
next_data_time = 1476391143

Event: receive1
get_segmeter_data = false
command = nil
status = timeout
stream = nil

Event: open(data_file_path)
big_string = nil
data_file = file (0x469950)

Event: close(data_file)
data_file = file (closed)

Event: get_data_timer
output = true
data_rate = 60
next_data_time = 1476391216
:::

Event: send1
get_segmeter_data = true
command = (all_nodes (start_data))
status = timeout
stream = nil

Event: receive1
get_segmeter_data = false
command = nil
status = timeout
stream = nil

Event: open(data_file_path)
big_string = nil
data_file = file (0x463828)

Event: close(data_file)
data_file = file (closed)

Event: get_data_timer
output = false
data_rate = 60
next_data_time = 1476391216

Event: receive1
get_segmeter_data = false
command = nil
status = timeout
stream = nil

Event: open(data_file_path)
big_string = nil
data_file = file (0x46adb8)

Event: close(data_file)
data_file = file (closed)

Event: get_data_timer
output = false
data_rate = 60
next_data_time = 1476391216

Event: receive1
get_segmeter_data = false
command = nil
status = timeout
stream = nil

Event: open(data_file_path)
big_string = nil
data_file = file (0x444f38)

Event: close(data_file)
data_file = file (closed)

Event: write2(data_file)
save_data = true
data_file = file (0x459d30)

Event: get_data_timer
output = false
data_rate = 60
next_data_time = 1476391216

Event: receive1
get_segmeter_data = false
command = nil
status = timeout
stream = nil

Event: open(data_file_path)
big_string = nil
data_file = file (0x46b4d8)

Event: close(data_file)
data_file = file (closed)

Event: write2(data_file)
save_data = true
data_file = file (0x483b08)

Event: get_data_timer
output = false
data_rate = 60
next_data_time = 1476391216

Event: receive1
get_segmeter_data = false
command = nil
status = timeout
stream = nil

Event: open(data_file_path)
big_string = nil
data_file = file (0x462bb8)

Event: close(data_file)
data_file = file (closed)

Event: get_data_timer
output = false
data_rate = 60
next_data_time = 1476391216

Event: receive1
get_segmeter_data = false
command = nil
status = timeout
stream = nil

Event: open(data_file_path)
big_string = nil
data_file = file (0x452500)

Event: close(data_file)
data_file = file (closed)

Event: write2(data_file)
save_data = true
data_file = file (0x475fe0)

Event: get_data_timer
output = true
data_rate = 60
next_data_time = 1476391286
:::

Event: send1
get_segmeter_data = true
command = (all_nodes (start_data))
status = timeout
stream = nil

Event: receive1
get_segmeter_data = false
command = nil
status = timeout
stream = nil

Event: open(data_file_path)
big_string = nil
data_file = file (0x45b3c0)

Event: close(data_file)
data_file = file (closed)

Event: get_data_timer
output = false
data_rate = 60
next_data_time = 1476391286

Event: receive1
get_segmeter_data = false
command = nil
status = timeout
stream = nil

Event: open(data_file_path)
big_string = nil
data_file = file (0x454a10)

Event: close(data_file)
data_file = file (closed)

Event: get_data_timer
output = false
data_rate = 60
next_data_time = 1476391286

Event: receive1
get_segmeter_data = false
command = nil
status = timeout
stream = nil

Event: open(data_file_path)
big_string = nil
data_file = file (0x463940)

Event: close(data_file)
data_file = file (closed)

Event: get_data_timer
output = false
data_rate = 60
next_data_time = 1476391286

Event: receive1
get_segmeter_data = false
command = nil
status = timeout
stream = nil

Event: open(data_file_path)
big_string = nil
data_file = file (0x444d90)

Event: close(data_file)
data_file = file (closed)

Event: get_data_timer
output = false
data_rate = 60
next_data_time = 1476391286

Event: receive1
get_segmeter_data = false
command = nil
status = timeout
stream = nil

Event: open(data_file_path)
big_string = nil
data_file = file (0x454388)

Event: close(data_file)
data_file = file (closed)

Event: write2(data_file)
save_data = true
data_file = file (0x45fa90)

Event: get_data_timer
output = false
data_rate = 60
next_data_time = 1476391286

Event: receive1
get_segmeter_data = false
command = nil
status = timeout
stream = nil

Event: open(data_file_path)
big_string = nil
data_file = file (0x45fd98)

Event: close(data_file)
data_file = file (closed)

Event: get_data_timer
output = false
data_rate = 60
next_data_time = 1476391286

Event: receive1
get_segmeter_data = false
command = nil
status = timeout
stream = nil

Event: open(data_file_path)
big_string = nil
data_file = file (0x46f110)

Event: close(data_file)
data_file = file (closed)

Event: get_data_timer
output = false
data_rate = 60
next_data_time = 1476391286

Event: receive1
get_segmeter_data = false
command = nil
status = timeout
stream = nil

Event: open(data_file_path)
big_string = nil
data_file = file (0x454720)

Event: close(data_file)
data_file = file (closed)

Event: write2(data_file)
save_data = true
data_file = file (0x46f2c8)

Event: get_data_timer
output = true
data_rate = 60
next_data_time = 1476391365
:::

Event: send1
get_segmeter_data = true
command = (all_nodes (start_data))
status = timeout
stream = nil

Event: receive1
get_segmeter_data = false
command = nil
status = timeout
stream = nil

Event: open(data_file_path)
big_string = nil
data_file = file (0x45fba0)

Event: close(data_file)
data_file = file (closed)

Event: get_data_timer
output = false
data_rate = 60
next_data_time = 1476391365

Event: receive1
get_segmeter_data = false
command = nil
status = timeout
stream = nil

Event: open(data_file_path)
big_string = nil
data_file = file (0x4acff8)

Event: close(data_file)
data_file = file (closed)

Event: get_data_timer
output = false
data_rate = 60
next_data_time = 1476391365

Event: receive1
get_segmeter_data = false
command = nil
status = timeout
stream = nil

Event: open(data_file_path)
big_string = nil
data_file = file (0x457aa0)

Event: close(data_file)
data_file = file (closed)

Event: get_data_timer
output = false
data_rate = 60
next_data_time = 1476391365

Event: receive1
get_segmeter_data = false
command = nil
status = timeout
stream = nil

Event: open(data_file_path)
big_string = nil
data_file = file (0x483dc8)

Event: close(data_file)
data_file = file (closed)

Event: get_data_timer
output = false
data_rate = 60
next_data_time = 1476391365

Event: receive1
get_segmeter_data = false
command = nil
status = timeout
stream = nil

Event: open(data_file_path)
big_string = nil
data_file = file (0x476ff8)

Event: close(data_file)
data_file = file (closed)

Event: write2(data_file)
save_data = true
data_file = file (0x460c20)

Event: get_data_timer
output = false
data_rate = 60
next_data_time = 1476391365

Event: receive1
get_segmeter_data = false
command = nil
status = timeout
stream = nil

Event: open(data_file_path)
big_string = nil
data_file = file (0x483d10)

Event: close(data_file)
data_file = file (closed)

Event: get_data_timer
output = false
data_rate = 60
next_data_time = 1476391365

Event: receive1
get_segmeter_data = false
command = nil
status = timeout
stream = nil

Event: open(data_file_path)
big_string = nil
data_file = file (0x454510)

Event: close(data_file)
data_file = file (closed)

Event: get_data_timer
output = false
data_rate = 60
next_data_time = 1476391365

Event: receive1
get_segmeter_data = false
command = nil
status = timeout
stream = nil

Event: open(data_file_path)
big_string = nil
data_file = file (0x454c20)

Event: close(data_file)
data_file = file (closed)

Event: get_data_timer
output = false
data_rate = 60
next_data_time = 1476391365

Event: receive1
get_segmeter_data = false
command = nil
status = timeout
stream = nil

Event: open(data_file_path)
big_string = nil
data_file = file (0x4aadd8)

Event: close(data_file)
data_file = file (closed)

Event: get_data_timer
output = true
data_rate = 60
next_data_time = 1476391430
:::

Event: send1
get_segmeter_data = true
command = (all_nodes (start_data))
status = timeout
stream = nil

Event: receive1
get_segmeter_data = false
command = nil
status = timeout
stream = nil

Event: open(data_file_path)
big_string = nil
data_file = file (0x444d70)

Event: close(data_file)
data_file = file (closed)

Event: write2(data_file)
save_data = true
data_file = file (0x470aa0)

Event: get_data_timer
output = false
data_rate = 60
next_data_time = 1476391430

Event: receive1
get_segmeter_data = false
command = nil
status = timeout
stream = nil

Event: open(data_file_path)
big_string = nil
data_file = file (0x45d800)

Event: close(data_file)
data_file = file (closed)

Event: get_data_timer
output = false
data_rate = 60
next_data_time = 1476391430

Event: receive1
get_segmeter_data = false
command = nil
status = timeout
stream = nil

Event: open(data_file_path)
big_string = nil
data_file = file (0x461ed8)

Event: close(data_file)
data_file = file (closed)

Event: get_data_timer
output = false
data_rate = 60
next_data_time = 1476391430

Event: receive1
get_segmeter_data = false
command = nil
status = timeout
stream = nil

Event: open(data_file_path)
big_string = nil
data_file = file (0x45fa28)

Event: close(data_file)
data_file = file (closed)

Event: write2(data_file)
save_data = true
data_file = file (0x4b3698)

Event: get_data_timer
output = false
data_rate = 60
next_data_time = 1476391430

Event: receive1
get_segmeter_data = false
command = nil
status = timeout
stream = nil

Event: open(data_file_path)
big_string = nil
data_file = file (0x4706b8)

Event: close(data_file)
data_file = file (closed)

Event: get_data_timer
output = false
data_rate = 60
next_data_time = 1476391430

Event: receive1
get_segmeter_data = false
command = nil
status = timeout
stream = nil

Event: open(data_file_path)
big_string = nil
data_file = file (0x46a300)

Event: close(data_file)
data_file = file (closed)

Event: get_data_timer
output = false
data_rate = 60
next_data_time = 1476391430

Event: receive1
get_segmeter_data = false
command = nil
status = timeout
stream = nil

Event: open(data_file_path)
big_string = nil
data_file = file (0x45dba8)

Event: close(data_file)
data_file = file (closed)

Event: get_data_timer
output = false
data_rate = 60
next_data_time = 1476391430

Event: receive1
get_segmeter_data = false
command = nil
status = timeout
stream = nil

Event: open(data_file_path)
big_string = nil
data_file = file (0x454c48)

Event: close(data_file)
data_file = file (closed)

Event: get_data_timer
output = true
data_rate = 60
next_data_time = 1476391502
:::

Event: send1
get_segmeter_data = true
command = (all_nodes (start_data))
status = timeout
stream = nil

Event: receive1
get_segmeter_data = false
command = nil
status = timeout
stream = nil

Event: open(data_file_path)
big_string = nil
data_file = file (0x496ee0)

Event: close(data_file)
data_file = file (closed)

Event: get_data_timer
output = false
data_rate = 60
next_data_time = 1476391502

Event: receive1
get_segmeter_data = false
command = nil
status = timeout
stream = nil

Event: open(data_file_path)
big_string = nil
data_file = file (0x4b26d0)

Event: close(data_file)
data_file = file (closed)

Event: write2(data_file)
save_data = true
data_file = file (0x4771c8)

Event: get_data_timer
output = false
data_rate = 60
next_data_time = 1476391502

Event: receive1
get_segmeter_data = false
command = nil
status = timeout
stream = nil

Event: open(data_file_path)
big_string = nil
data_file = file (0x453110)

Event: close(data_file)
data_file = file (closed)

Event: get_data_timer
output = false
data_rate = 60
next_data_time = 1476391502

Event: receive1
get_segmeter_data = false
command = nil
status = timeout
stream = nil

Event: open(data_file_path)
big_string = nil
data_file = file (0x463918)

Event: close(data_file)
data_file = file (closed)

Event: write2(data_file)
save_data = true
data_file = file (0x467bf0)

Event: get_data_timer
output = false
data_rate = 60
next_data_time = 1476391502

Event: receive1
get_segmeter_data = false
command = nil
status = timeout
stream = nil

Event: open(data_file_path)
big_string = nil
data_file = file (0x457970)

Event: close(data_file)
data_file = file (closed)

Event: get_data_timer
output = false
data_rate = 60
next_data_time = 1476391502

Event: receive1
get_segmeter_data = false
command = nil
status = timeout
stream = nil

Event: open(data_file_path)
big_string = nil
data_file = file (0x4b03f0)

Event: close(data_file)
data_file = file (closed)

Event: get_data_timer
output = true
data_rate = 60
next_data_time = 1476391574
:::

Event: send1
get_segmeter_data = true
command = (all_nodes (start_data))
status = timeout
stream = nil

Event: receive1
get_segmeter_data = false
command = nil
status = timeout
stream = nil

Event: open(data_file_path)
big_string = nil
data_file = file (0x4771c8)

Event: close(data_file)
data_file = file (closed)

Event: get_data_timer
output = false
data_rate = 60
next_data_time = 1476391574

Event: receive1
get_segmeter_data = false
command = nil
status = timeout
stream = nil

Event: open(data_file_path)
big_string = nil
data_file = file (0x454ba0)

Event: close(data_file)
data_file = file (closed)

Event: get_data_timer
output = false
data_rate = 60
next_data_time = 1476391574

Event: receive1
get_segmeter_data = false
command = nil
status = timeout
stream = nil

Event: open(data_file_path)
big_string = nil
data_file = file (0x46f0e0)

Event: close(data_file)
data_file = file (closed)

Event: write2(data_file)
save_data = true
data_file = file (0x4a9f30)

Event: get_data_timer
output = false
data_rate = 60
next_data_time = 1476391574

Event: receive1
get_segmeter_data = false
command = nil
status = timeout
stream = nil

Event: open(data_file_path)
big_string = nil
data_file = file (0x48d7b0)

Event: close(data_file)
data_file = file (closed)

Event: get_data_timer
output = false
data_rate = 60
next_data_time = 1476391574

Event: receive1
get_segmeter_data = false
command = nil
status = timeout
stream = nil

Event: open(data_file_path)
big_string = nil
data_file = file (0x461ec8)

Event: close(data_file)
data_file = file (closed)

Event: get_data_timer
output = false
data_rate = 60
next_data_time = 1476391574

Event: receive1
get_segmeter_data = false
command = nil
status = timeout
stream = nil

Event: open(data_file_path)
big_string = nil
data_file = file (0x460bd8)

Event: close(data_file)
data_file = file (closed)

Event: get_data_timer
output = false
data_rate = 60
next_data_time = 1476391574

Event: receive1
get_segmeter_data = false
command = nil
status = timeout
stream = nil

Event: open(data_file_path)
big_string = nil
data_file = file (0x470438)

Event: close(data_file)
data_file = file (closed)

Event: write2(data_file)
save_data = true
data_file = file (0x46b4b8)

Event: get_data_timer
output = false
data_rate = 60
next_data_time = 1476391574

Event: receive1
get_segmeter_data = false
command = nil
status = timeout
stream = nil

Event: open(data_file_path)
big_string = nil
data_file = file (0x4772e8)

Event: close(data_file)
data_file = file (closed)

Event: get_data_timer
output = true
data_rate = 60
next_data_time = 1476391649
:::

Event: send1
get_segmeter_data = true
command = (all_nodes (start_data))
status = timeout
stream = nil

Event: receive1
get_segmeter_data = false
command = nil
status = timeout
stream = nil

Event: open(data_file_path)
big_string = nil
data_file = file (0x457af0)

Event: close(data_file)
data_file = file (closed)

Event: get_data_timer
output = false
data_rate = 60
next_data_time = 1476391649

Event: receive1
get_segmeter_data = false
command = nil
status = timeout
stream = nil

Event: open(data_file_path)
big_string = nil
data_file = file (0x462978)

Event: close(data_file)
data_file = file (closed)

Event: get_data_timer
output = false
data_rate = 60
next_data_time = 1476391649

Event: receive1
get_segmeter_data = false
command = nil
status = timeout
stream = nil

Event: open(data_file_path)
big_string = nil
data_file = file (0x48d168)

Event: close(data_file)
data_file = file (closed)

Event: write2(data_file)
save_data = true
data_file = file (0x477370)

Event: get_data_timer
output = false
data_rate = 60
next_data_time = 1476391649

Event: receive1
get_segmeter_data = false
command = nil
status = timeout
stream = nil

Event: open(data_file_path)
big_string = nil
data_file = file (0x46c310)

Event: close(data_file)
data_file = file (closed)

Event: get_data_timer
output = false
data_rate = 60
next_data_time = 1476391649

Event: receive1
get_segmeter_data = false
command = nil
status = timeout
stream = nil

Event: open(data_file_path)
big_string = nil
data_file = file (0x452700)

Event: close(data_file)
data_file = file (closed)

Event: get_data_timer
output = false
data_rate = 60
next_data_time = 1476391649

Event: receive1
get_segmeter_data = false
command = nil
status = timeout
stream = nil

Event: open(data_file_path)
big_string = nil
data_file = file (0x459d30)

Event: close(data_file)
data_file = file (closed)

Event: get_data_timer
output = false
data_rate = 60
next_data_time = 1476391649

Event: receive1
get_segmeter_data = false
command = nil
status = timeout
stream = nil

Event: open(data_file_path)
big_string = nil
data_file = file (0x468368)

Event: close(data_file)
data_file = file (closed)

Event: get_data_timer
output = false
data_rate = 60
next_data_time = 1476391649

Event: receive1
get_segmeter_data = false
command = nil
status = timeout
stream = nil

Event: open(data_file_path)
big_string = nil
data_file = file (0x4452a8)

Event: close(data_file)
data_file = file (closed)

Event: write2(data_file)
save_data = true
data_file = file (0x48d128)

Event: get_data_timer
output = true
data_rate = 60
next_data_time = 1476391723
:::

Event: send1
get_segmeter_data = true
command = (all_nodes (start_data))
status = timeout
stream = nil

Event: receive1
get_segmeter_data = false
command = nil
status = timeout
stream = nil

Event: open(data_file_path)
big_string = nil
data_file = file (0x488868)

Event: close(data_file)
data_file = file (closed)

Event: get_data_timer
output = false
data_rate = 60
next_data_time = 1476391723

Event: receive1
get_segmeter_data = false
command = nil
status = timeout
stream = nil

Event: open(data_file_path)
big_string = nil
data_file = file (0x4ab1a8)

Event: close(data_file)
data_file = file (closed)

Event: write2(data_file)
save_data = true
data_file = file (0x4be0c8)

Event: get_data_timer
output = false
data_rate = 60
next_data_time = 1476391723

Event: receive1
get_segmeter_data = false
command = nil
status = timeout
stream = nil

Event: open(data_file_path)
big_string = nil
data_file = file (0x4d03f0)

Event: close(data_file)
data_file = file (closed)

Event: get_data_timer
output = false
data_rate = 60
next_data_time = 1476391723

Event: receive1
get_segmeter_data = false
command = nil
status = timeout
stream = nil

Event: open(data_file_path)
big_string = nil
data_file = file (0x46b8f0)

Event: close(data_file)
data_file = file (closed)

Event: get_data_timer
output = false
data_rate = 60
next_data_time = 1476391723

Event: receive1
get_segmeter_data = false
command = nil
status = timeout
stream = nil

Event: open(data_file_path)
big_string = nil
data_file = file (0x468270)

Event: close(data_file)
data_file = file (closed)

Event: get_data_timer
output = false
data_rate = 60
next_data_time = 1476391723

Event: receive1
get_segmeter_data = false
command = nil
status = timeout
stream = nil

Event: open(data_file_path)
big_string = nil
data_file = file (0x469910)

Event: close(data_file)
data_file = file (closed)

Event: get_data_timer
output = false
data_rate = 60
next_data_time = 1476391723

Event: receive1
get_segmeter_data = false
command = nil
status = timeout
stream = nil

Event: open(data_file_path)
big_string = nil
data_file = file (0x4880c8)

Event: close(data_file)
data_file = file (closed)

Event: write2(data_file)
save_data = true
data_file = file (0x456368)

Event: get_data_timer
output = true
data_rate = 60
next_data_time = 1476391792
:::

Event: send1
get_segmeter_data = true
command = (all_nodes (start_data))
status = timeout
stream = nil

Event: receive1
get_segmeter_data = false
command = nil
status = timeout
stream = nil

Event: open(data_file_path)
big_string = nil
data_file = file (0x445258)

Event: close(data_file)
data_file = file (closed)

Event: get_data_timer
output = false
data_rate = 60
next_data_time = 1476391792

Event: receive1
get_segmeter_data = false
command = nil
status = timeout
stream = nil

Event: open(data_file_path)
big_string = nil
data_file = file (0x4743f0)

Event: close(data_file)
data_file = file (closed)

Event: get_data_timer
output = false
data_rate = 60
next_data_time = 1476391792

Event: receive1
get_segmeter_data = false
command = nil
status = timeout
stream = nil

Event: open(data_file_path)
big_string = nil
data_file = file (0x470700)

Event: close(data_file)
data_file = file (closed)

Event: write2(data_file)
save_data = true
data_file = file (0x48a820)

Event: get_data_timer
output = false
data_rate = 60
next_data_time = 1476391792

Event: receive1
get_segmeter_data = false
command = nil
status = timeout
stream = nil

Event: open(data_file_path)
big_string = nil
data_file = file (0x4598c0)

Event: close(data_file)
data_file = file (closed)

Event: get_data_timer
output = false
data_rate = 60
next_data_time = 1476391792

Event: receive1
get_segmeter_data = false
command = nil
status = timeout
stream = nil

Event: open(data_file_path)
big_string = nil
data_file = file (0x4708b8)

Event: close(data_file)
data_file = file (closed)

Event: get_data_timer
output = false
data_rate = 60
next_data_time = 1476391792

Event: receive1
get_segmeter_data = false
command = nil
status = timeout
stream = nil

Event: open(data_file_path)
big_string = nil
data_file = file (0x462978)

Event: close(data_file)
data_file = file (closed)

Event: write2(data_file)
save_data = true
data_file = file (0x4452c0)

Event: get_data_timer
output = true
data_rate = 60
next_data_time = 1476391865
:::

Event: send1
get_segmeter_data = true
command = (all_nodes (start_data))
status = timeout
stream = nil

Event: receive1
get_segmeter_data = false
command = nil
status = timeout
stream = nil

Event: open(data_file_path)
big_string = nil
data_file = file (0x456758)

Event: close(data_file)
data_file = file (closed)

Event: get_data_timer
output = false
data_rate = 60
next_data_time = 1476391865

Event: receive1
get_segmeter_data = false
command = nil
status = timeout
stream = nil

Event: open(data_file_path)
big_string = nil
data_file = file (0x45b490)

Event: close(data_file)
data_file = file (closed)

Event: get_data_timer
output = false
data_rate = 60
next_data_time = 1476391865

Event: receive1
get_segmeter_data = false
command = nil
status = timeout
stream = nil

Event: open(data_file_path)
big_string = nil
data_file = file (0x45d898)

Event: close(data_file)
data_file = file (closed)

Event: get_data_timer
output = false
data_rate = 60
next_data_time = 1476391865

Event: receive1
get_segmeter_data = false
command = nil
status = timeout
stream = nil

Event: open(data_file_path)
big_string = nil
data_file = file (0x489dd0)

Event: close(data_file)
data_file = file (closed)

Event: get_data_timer
output = false
data_rate = 60
next_data_time = 1476391865

Event: receive1
get_segmeter_data = false
command = nil
status = timeout
stream = nil

Event: open(data_file_path)
big_string = nil
data_file = file (0x462958)

Event: close(data_file)
data_file = file (closed)

Event: write2(data_file)
save_data = true
data_file = file (0x475d98)

Event: get_data_timer
output = false
data_rate = 60
next_data_time = 1476391865

Event: receive1
get_segmeter_data = false
command = nil
status = timeout
stream = nil

Event: open(data_file_path)
big_string = nil
data_file = file (0x483f28)

Event: close(data_file)
data_file = file (closed)

Event: get_data_timer
output = false
data_rate = 60
next_data_time = 1476391865

Event: receive1
get_segmeter_data = false
command = nil
status = timeout
stream = nil

Event: open(data_file_path)
big_string = nil
data_file = file (0x45ed60)

Event: close(data_file)
data_file = file (closed)

Event: get_data_timer
output = false
data_rate = 60
next_data_time = 1476391865

Event: receive1
get_segmeter_data = false
command = nil
status = timeout
stream = nil

Event: open(data_file_path)
big_string = nil
data_file = file (0x460b28)

Event: close(data_file)
data_file = file (closed)

Event: get_data_timer
output = true
data_rate = 60
next_data_time = 1476391939
:::

Event: send1
get_segmeter_data = true
command = (all_nodes (start_data))
status = timeout
stream = nil

Event: receive1
get_segmeter_data = false
command = nil
status = timeout
stream = nil

Event: open(data_file_path)
big_string = nil
data_file = file (0x48a420)

Event: close(data_file)
data_file = file (closed)

Event: write2(data_file)
save_data = true
data_file = file (0x459d30)

Event: get_data_timer
output = false
data_rate = 60
next_data_time = 1476391939

Event: receive1
get_segmeter_data = false
command = nil
status = timeout
stream = nil

Event: open(data_file_path)
big_string = nil
data_file = file (0x48a6d0)

Event: close(data_file)
data_file = file (closed)

Event: get_data_timer
output = false
data_rate = 60
next_data_time = 1476391939

Event: receive1
get_segmeter_data = false
command = nil
status = timeout
stream = nil

Event: open(data_file_path)
big_string = nil
data_file = file (0x475f90)

Event: close(data_file)
data_file = file (closed)

Event: get_data_timer
output = false
data_rate = 60
next_data_time = 1476391939

Event: receive1
get_segmeter_data = false
command = nil
status = timeout
stream = nil

Event: open(data_file_path)
big_string = nil
data_file = file (0x462750)

Event: close(data_file)
data_file = file (closed)

Event: write2(data_file)
save_data = true
data_file = file (0x462750)

Event: get_data_timer
output = false
data_rate = 60
next_data_time = 1476391939

Event: receive1
get_segmeter_data = false
command = nil
status = timeout
stream = nil

Event: open(data_file_path)
big_string = nil
data_file = file (0x45ed60)

Event: close(data_file)
data_file = file (closed)

Event: get_data_timer
output = false
data_rate = 60
next_data_time = 1476391939

Event: receive1
get_segmeter_data = false
command = nil
status = timeout
stream = nil

Event: open(data_file_path)
big_string = nil
data_file = file (0x4679d0)

Event: close(data_file)
data_file = file (closed)

Event: get_data_timer
output = false
data_rate = 60
next_data_time = 1476391939

Event: receive1
get_segmeter_data = false
command = nil
status = timeout
stream = nil

Event: open(data_file_path)
big_string = nil
data_file = file (0x453860)

Event: close(data_file)
data_file = file (closed)

Event: get_data_timer
output = true
data_rate = 60
next_data_time = 1476392010
:::

Event: send1
get_segmeter_data = true
command = (all_nodes (start_data))
status = timeout
stream = nil

Event: receive1
get_segmeter_data = false
command = nil
status = timeout
stream = nil

Event: open(data_file_path)
big_string = nil
data_file = file (0x49c428)

Event: close(data_file)
data_file = file (closed)

Event: write2(data_file)
save_data = true
data_file = file (0x456ab0)

Event: get_data_timer
output = false
data_rate = 60
next_data_time = 1476392010

Event: receive1
get_segmeter_data = false
command = nil
status = timeout
stream = nil

Event: open(data_file_path)
big_string = nil
data_file = file (0x45adb0)

Event: close(data_file)
data_file = file (closed)

Event: get_data_timer
output = false
data_rate = 60
next_data_time = 1476392010

Event: receive1
get_segmeter_data = false
command = nil
status = timeout
stream = nil

Event: open(data_file_path)
big_string = nil
data_file = file (0x469da0)

Event: close(data_file)
data_file = file (closed)

Event: get_data_timer
output = false
data_rate = 60
next_data_time = 1476392010

Event: receive1
get_segmeter_data = false
command = nil
status = timeout
stream = nil

Event: open(data_file_path)
big_string = nil
data_file = file (0x476de0)

Event: close(data_file)
data_file = file (closed)

Event: write2(data_file)
save_data = true
data_file = file (0x4530f0)

Event: get_data_timer
output = false
data_rate = 60
next_data_time = 1476392010

Event: receive1
get_segmeter_data = false
command = nil
status = timeout
stream = nil

Event: open(data_file_path)
big_string = nil
data_file = file (0x4598c0)

Event: close(data_file)
data_file = file (closed)

Event: get_data_timer
output = false
data_rate = 60
next_data_time = 1476392010

Event: receive1
get_segmeter_data = false
command = nil
status = timeout
stream = nil

Event: open(data_file_path)
big_string = nil
data_file = file (0x4680f0)

Event: close(data_file)
data_file = file (closed)

Event: get_data_timer
output = true
data_rate = 60
next_data_time = 1476392083
:::

Event: send1
get_segmeter_data = true
command = (all_nodes (start_data))
status = timeout
stream = nil

Event: receive1
get_segmeter_data = false
command = nil
status = timeout
stream = nil

Event: open(data_file_path)
big_string = nil
data_file = file (0x445280)

Event: close(data_file)
data_file = file (closed)

Event: write2(data_file)
save_data = true
data_file = file (0x44d230)

Event: get_data_timer
output = false
data_rate = 60
next_data_time = 1476392083

Event: receive1
get_segmeter_data = false
command = nil
status = timeout
stream = nil

Event: open(data_file_path)
big_string = nil
data_file = file (0x45eda8)

Event: close(data_file)
data_file = file (closed)

Event: get_data_timer
output = false
data_rate = 60
next_data_time = 1476392083

Event: receive1
get_segmeter_data = false
command = nil
status = timeout
stream = nil

Event: open(data_file_path)
big_string = nil
data_file = file (0x456b20)

Event: close(data_file)
data_file = file (closed)

Event: get_data_timer
output = false
data_rate = 60
next_data_time = 1476392083

Event: receive1
get_segmeter_data = false
command = nil
status = timeout
stream = nil

Event: open(data_file_path)
big_string = nil
data_file = file (0x462680)

Event: close(data_file)
data_file = file (closed)

Event: get_data_timer
output = false
data_rate = 60
next_data_time = 1476392083

Event: receive1
get_segmeter_data = false
command = nil
status = timeout
stream = nil

Event: open(data_file_path)
big_string = nil
data_file = file (0x459928)

Event: close(data_file)
data_file = file (closed)

Event: write2(data_file)
save_data = true
data_file = file (0x4709a8)

Event: get_data_timer
output = false
data_rate = 60
next_data_time = 1476392083

Event: receive1
get_segmeter_data = false
command = nil
status = timeout
stream = nil

Event: open(data_file_path)
big_string = nil
data_file = file (0x45a218)

Event: close(data_file)
data_file = file (closed)

Event: get_data_timer
output = true
data_rate = 60
next_data_time = 1476392154
:::

Event: send1
get_segmeter_data = true
command = (all_nodes (start_data))
status = timeout
stream = nil

Event: receive1
get_segmeter_data = false
command = nil
status = timeout
stream = nil

Event: open(data_file_path)
big_string = nil
data_file = file (0x46e670)

Event: close(data_file)
data_file = file (closed)

Event: get_data_timer
output = false
data_rate = 60
next_data_time = 1476392154

Event: receive1
get_segmeter_data = false
command = nil
status = timeout
stream = nil

Event: open(data_file_path)
big_string = nil
data_file = file (0x470168)

Event: close(data_file)
data_file = file (closed)

Event: write2(data_file)
save_data = true
data_file = file (0x453790)

Event: get_data_timer
output = false
data_rate = 60
next_data_time = 1476392154

Event: receive1
get_segmeter_data = false
command = nil
status = timeout
stream = nil

Event: open(data_file_path)
big_string = nil
data_file = file (0x45ed60)

Event: close(data_file)
data_file = file (closed)

Event: get_data_timer
output = false
data_rate = 60
next_data_time = 1476392154

Event: receive1
get_segmeter_data = false
command = nil
status = timeout
stream = nil

Event: open(data_file_path)
big_string = nil
data_file = file (0x466798)

Event: close(data_file)
data_file = file (closed)

Event: get_data_timer
output = false
data_rate = 60
next_data_time = 1476392154

Event: receive1
get_segmeter_data = false
command = nil
status = timeout
stream = nil

Event: open(data_file_path)
big_string = nil
data_file = file (0x45db88)

Event: close(data_file)
data_file = file (closed)

Event: get_data_timer
output = false
data_rate = 60
next_data_time = 1476392154

Event: receive1
get_segmeter_data = false
command = nil
status = timeout
stream = nil

Event: open(data_file_path)
big_string = nil
data_file = file (0x483828)

Event: close(data_file)
data_file = file (closed)

Event: write2(data_file)
save_data = true
data_file = file (0x445150)

Event: get_data_timer
output = false
data_rate = 60
next_data_time = 1476392154

Event: receive1
get_segmeter_data = false
command = nil
status = timeout
stream = nil

Event: open(data_file_path)
big_string = nil
data_file = file (0x462410)

Event: close(data_file)
data_file = file (closed)

Event: get_data_timer
output = false
data_rate = 60
next_data_time = 1476392154

Event: receive1
get_segmeter_data = false
command = nil
status = timeout
stream = nil

Event: open(data_file_path)
big_string = nil
data_file = file (0x46e650)

Event: close(data_file)
data_file = file (closed)

Event: get_data_timer
output = true
data_rate = 60
next_data_time = 1476392230
:::

Event: send1
get_segmeter_data = true
command = (all_nodes (start_data))
status = timeout
stream = nil

Event: receive1
get_segmeter_data = false
command = nil
status = timeout
stream = nil

Event: open(data_file_path)
big_string = nil
data_file = file (0x4579b8)

Event: close(data_file)
data_file = file (closed)

Event: get_data_timer
output = false
data_rate = 60
next_data_time = 1476392230

Event: receive1
get_segmeter_data = false
command = nil
status = timeout
stream = nil

Event: open(data_file_path)
big_string = nil
data_file = file (0x453e20)

Event: close(data_file)
data_file = file (closed)

Event: write2(data_file)
save_data = true
data_file = file (0x483e60)

Event: get_data_timer
output = false
data_rate = 60
next_data_time = 1476392230

Event: receive1
get_segmeter_data = false
command = nil
status = timeout
stream = nil

Event: open(data_file_path)
big_string = nil
data_file = file (0x46c310)

Event: close(data_file)
data_file = file (closed)

Event: get_data_timer
output = false
data_rate = 60
next_data_time = 1476392230

Event: receive1
get_segmeter_data = false
command = nil
status = timeout
stream = nil

Event: open(data_file_path)
big_string = nil
data_file = file (0x493bd8)

Event: close(data_file)
data_file = file (closed)

Event: write2(data_file)
save_data = true
data_file = file (0x470148)

Event: get_data_timer
output = false
data_rate = 60
next_data_time = 1476392230

Event: receive1
get_segmeter_data = false
command = nil
status = timeout
stream = nil

Event: open(data_file_path)
big_string = nil
data_file = file (0x4548a0)

Event: close(data_file)
data_file = file (closed)

Event: get_data_timer
output = true
data_rate = 60
next_data_time = 1476392295
:::

Event: send1
get_segmeter_data = true
command = (all_nodes (start_data))
status = timeout
stream = nil

Event: receive1
get_segmeter_data = false
command = nil
status = timeout
stream = nil

Event: open(data_file_path)
big_string = nil
data_file = file (0x453eb0)

Event: close(data_file)
data_file = file (closed)

Event: get_data_timer
output = false
data_rate = 60
next_data_time = 1476392295

Event: receive1
get_segmeter_data = false
command = nil
status = timeout
stream = nil

Event: open(data_file_path)
big_string = nil
data_file = file (0x4637e0)

Event: close(data_file)
data_file = file (closed)

Event: get_data_timer
output = false
data_rate = 60
next_data_time = 1476392295

Event: receive1
get_segmeter_data = false
command = nil
status = timeout
stream = nil

Event: open(data_file_path)
big_string = nil
data_file = file (0x462dc0)

Event: close(data_file)
data_file = file (closed)

Event: write2(data_file)
save_data = true
data_file = file (0x461ea8)

Event: get_data_timer
output = false
data_rate = 60
next_data_time = 1476392295

Event: receive1
get_segmeter_data = false
command = nil
status = timeout
stream = nil

Event: open(data_file_path)
big_string = nil
data_file = file (0x46b8f0)

Event: close(data_file)
data_file = file (closed)

Event: get_data_timer
output = false
data_rate = 60
next_data_time = 1476392295

Event: receive1
get_segmeter_data = false
command = nil
status = timeout
stream = nil

Event: open(data_file_path)
big_string = nil
data_file = file (0x454a58)

Event: close(data_file)
data_file = file (closed)

Event: get_data_timer
output = false
data_rate = 60
next_data_time = 1476392295

Event: receive1
get_segmeter_data = false
command = nil
status = timeout
stream = nil

Event: open(data_file_path)
big_string = nil
data_file = file (0x470588)

Event: close(data_file)
data_file = file (closed)

Event: write2(data_file)
save_data = true
data_file = file (0x462d38)

Event: send_event_heartbeat
heartbeat_rate = nil
throttle_counter = 300

Event: get_data_timer
output = true
data_rate = 60
next_data_time = 1476392373
:::

Event: send1
get_segmeter_data = true
command = (all_nodes (start_data))
status = timeout
stream = nil

Event: receive1
get_segmeter_data = false
command = nil
status = timeout
stream = nil

Event: open(data_file_path)
big_string = nil
data_file = file (0x4548d0)

Event: close(data_file)
data_file = file (closed)

Event: get_data_timer
output = false
data_rate = 60
next_data_time = 1476392373

Event: receive1
get_segmeter_data = false
command = nil
status = timeout
stream = nil

Event: open(data_file_path)
big_string = nil
data_file = file (0x4538b8)

Event: close(data_file)
data_file = file (closed)

Event: write2(data_file)
save_data = true
data_file = file (0x46adb8)

Event: get_data_timer
output = false
data_rate = 60
next_data_time = 1476392373

Event: receive1
get_segmeter_data = false
command = nil
status = timeout
stream = nil

Event: open(data_file_path)
big_string = nil
data_file = file (0x476148)

Event: close(data_file)
data_file = file (closed)

Event: get_data_timer
output = false
data_rate = 60
next_data_time = 1476392373

Event: receive1
get_segmeter_data = false
command = nil
status = timeout
stream = nil

Event: open(data_file_path)
big_string = nil
data_file = file (0x4549c8)

Event: close(data_file)
data_file = file (closed)

Event: get_data_timer
output = false
data_rate = 60
next_data_time = 1476392373

Event: receive1
get_segmeter_data = false
command = nil
status = timeout
stream = nil

Event: open(data_file_path)
big_string = nil
data_file = file (0x45b4f0)

Event: close(data_file)
data_file = file (closed)

Event: get_data_timer
output = false
data_rate = 60
next_data_time = 1476392373

Event: receive1
get_segmeter_data = false
command = nil
status = timeout
stream = nil

Event: open(data_file_path)
big_string = nil
data_file = file (0x456b90)

Event: close(data_file)
data_file = file (closed)

Event: write2(data_file)
save_data = true
data_file = file (0x4530f0)

Event: get_data_timer
output = true
data_rate = 60
next_data_time = 1476392440
:::

Event: send1
get_segmeter_data = true
command = (all_nodes (start_data))
status = timeout
stream = nil

Event: receive1
get_segmeter_data = false
command = nil
status = timeout
stream = nil

Event: open(data_file_path)
big_string = nil
data_file = file (0x460b28)

Event: close(data_file)
data_file = file (closed)

Event: get_data_timer
output = false
data_rate = 60
next_data_time = 1476392440

Event: receive1
get_segmeter_data = false
command = nil
status = timeout
stream = nil

Event: open(data_file_path)
big_string = nil
data_file = file (0x44f290)

Event: close(data_file)
data_file = file (closed)

Event: get_data_timer
output = false
data_rate = 60
next_data_time = 1476392440

Event: receive1
get_segmeter_data = false
command = nil
status = timeout
stream = nil

Event: open(data_file_path)
big_string = nil
data_file = file (0x453860)

Event: close(data_file)
data_file = file (closed)

Event: get_data_timer
output = false
data_rate = 60
next_data_time = 1476392440

Event: receive1
get_segmeter_data = false
command = nil
status = timeout
stream = nil

Event: open(data_file_path)
big_string = nil
data_file = file (0x480218)

Event: close(data_file)
data_file = file (closed)

Event: write2(data_file)
save_data = true
data_file = file (0x46c310)

Event: get_data_timer
output = false
data_rate = 60
next_data_time = 1476392440

Event: receive1
get_segmeter_data = false
command = nil
status = timeout
stream = nil

Event: open(data_file_path)
big_string = nil
data_file = file (0x459950)

Event: close(data_file)
data_file = file (closed)

Event: get_data_timer
output = false
data_rate = 60
next_data_time = 1476392440

Event: receive1
get_segmeter_data = false
command = nil
status = timeout
stream = nil

Event: open(data_file_path)
big_string = nil
data_file = file (0x45d7e0)

Event: close(data_file)
data_file = file (closed)

Event: write2(data_file)
save_data = true
data_file = file (0x469da0)

Event: get_data_timer
output = true
data_rate = 60
next_data_time = 1476392517
:::

Event: send1
get_segmeter_data = true
command = (all_nodes (start_data))
status = timeout
stream = nil

Event: receive1
get_segmeter_data = false
command = nil
status = timeout
stream = nil

Event: open(data_file_path)
big_string = nil
data_file = file (0x468258)

Event: close(data_file)
data_file = file (closed)

Event: get_data_timer
output = false
data_rate = 60
next_data_time = 1476392517

Event: receive1
get_segmeter_data = false
command = nil
status = timeout
stream = nil

Event: open(data_file_path)
big_string = nil
data_file = file (0x457cc8)

Event: close(data_file)
data_file = file (closed)

Event: get_data_timer
output = false
data_rate = 60
next_data_time = 1476392517

Event: receive1
get_segmeter_data = false
command = nil
status = timeout
stream = nil

Event: open(data_file_path)
big_string = nil
data_file = file (0x45b3b8)

Event: close(data_file)
data_file = file (closed)

Event: get_data_timer
output = false
data_rate = 60
next_data_time = 1476392517

Event: receive1
get_segmeter_data = false
command = nil
status = timeout
stream = nil

Event: open(data_file_path)
big_string = nil
data_file = file (0x4a92c8)

Event: close(data_file)
data_file = file (closed)

Event: write2(data_file)
save_data = true
data_file = file (0x45b3b8)

Event: get_data_timer
output = false
data_rate = 60
next_data_time = 1476392517

Event: receive1
get_segmeter_data = false
command = nil
status = timeout
stream = nil

Event: open(data_file_path)
big_string = nil
data_file = file (0x4e60d0)

Event: close(data_file)
data_file = file (closed)

Event: write2(data_file)
save_data = true
data_file = file (0x470ae8)

Event: get_data_timer
output = false
data_rate = 60
next_data_time = 1476392517

Event: receive1
get_segmeter_data = false
command = nil
status = timeout
stream = nil

Event: open(data_file_path)
big_string = nil
data_file = file (0x445248)

Event: close(data_file)
data_file = file (closed)

Event: write2(data_file)
save_data = true
data_file = file (0x45db20)

Event: get_data_timer
output = true
data_rate = 60
next_data_time = 1476392596
:::

Event: send1
get_segmeter_data = true
command = (all_nodes (start_data))
status = timeout
stream = nil

Event: receive1
get_segmeter_data = false
command = nil
status = timeout
stream = nil

Event: open(data_file_path)
big_string = nil
data_file = file (0x475f78)

Event: close(data_file)
data_file = file (closed)

Event: get_data_timer
output = false
data_rate = 60
next_data_time = 1476392596

Event: receive1
get_segmeter_data = false
command = nil
status = timeout
stream = nil

Event: open(data_file_path)
big_string = nil
data_file = file (0x45b440)

Event: close(data_file)
data_file = file (closed)

Event: get_data_timer
output = false
data_rate = 60
next_data_time = 1476392596

Event: receive1
get_segmeter_data = false
command = nil
status = timeout
stream = nil

Event: open(data_file_path)
big_string = nil
data_file = file (0x4568a0)

Event: close(data_file)
data_file = file (closed)

Event: write2(data_file)
save_data = true
data_file = file (0x46a340)

Event: get_data_timer
output = false
data_rate = 60
next_data_time = 1476392596

Event: receive1
get_segmeter_data = false
command = nil
status = timeout
stream = nil

Event: open(data_file_path)
big_string = nil
data_file = file (0x45dbf0)

Event: close(data_file)
data_file = file (closed)

Event: get_data_timer
output = false
data_rate = 60
next_data_time = 1476392596

Event: receive1
get_segmeter_data = false
command = nil
status = timeout
stream = nil

Event: open(data_file_path)
big_string = nil
data_file = file (0x456aa8)

Event: close(data_file)
data_file = file (closed)

Event: get_data_timer
output = true
data_rate = 60
next_data_time = 1476392665
:::

Event: send1
get_segmeter_data = true
command = (all_nodes (start_data))
status = timeout
stream = nil

Event: receive1
get_segmeter_data = false
command = nil
status = timeout
stream = nil

Event: open(data_file_path)
big_string = nil
data_file = file (0x457a48)

Event: close(data_file)
data_file = file (closed)

Event: write2(data_file)
save_data = true
data_file = file (0x4667a0)

Event: get_data_timer
output = false
data_rate = 60
next_data_time = 1476392665

Event: receive1
get_segmeter_data = false
command = nil
status = timeout
stream = nil

Event: open(data_file_path)
big_string = nil
data_file = file (0x462b98)

Event: close(data_file)
data_file = file (closed)

Event: get_data_timer
output = false
data_rate = 60
next_data_time = 1476392665

Event: receive1
get_segmeter_data = false
command = nil
status = timeout
stream = nil

Event: open(data_file_path)
big_string = nil
data_file = file (0x45b4f0)

Event: close(data_file)
data_file = file (closed)

Event: get_data_timer
output = false
data_rate = 60
next_data_time = 1476392665

Event: receive1
get_segmeter_data = false
command = nil
status = timeout
stream = nil

Event: open(data_file_path)
big_string = nil
data_file = file (0x456c38)

Event: close(data_file)
data_file = file (closed)

Event: get_data_timer
output = false
data_rate = 60
next_data_time = 1476392665

Event: receive1
get_segmeter_data = false
command = nil
status = timeout
stream = nil

Event: open(data_file_path)
big_string = nil
data_file = file (0x453850)

Event: close(data_file)
data_file = file (closed)

Event: write2(data_file)
save_data = true
data_file = file (0x4566d0)

Event: get_data_timer
output = false
data_rate = 60
next_data_time = 1476392665

Event: receive1
get_segmeter_data = false
command = nil
status = timeout
stream = nil

Event: open(data_file_path)
big_string = nil
data_file = file (0x476c60)

Event: close(data_file)
data_file = file (closed)

Event: get_data_timer
output = true
data_rate = 60
next_data_time = 1476392737
:::

Event: send1
get_segmeter_data = true
command = (all_nodes (start_data))
status = timeout
stream = nil

Event: receive1
get_segmeter_data = false
command = nil
status = timeout
stream = nil

Event: open(data_file_path)
big_string = nil
data_file = file (0x468140)

Event: close(data_file)
data_file = file (closed)

Event: write2(data_file)
save_data = true
data_file = file (0x459d30)

Event: get_data_timer
output = false
data_rate = 60
next_data_time = 1476392737

Event: receive1
get_segmeter_data = false
command = nil
status = timeout
stream = nil

Event: open(data_file_path)
big_string = nil
data_file = file (0x457948)

Event: close(data_file)
data_file = file (closed)

Event: get_data_timer
output = false
data_rate = 60
next_data_time = 1476392737

Event: receive1
get_segmeter_data = false
command = nil
status = timeout
stream = nil

Event: open(data_file_path)
big_string = nil
data_file = file (0x470ae8)

Event: close(data_file)
data_file = file (closed)

Event: get_data_timer
output = false
data_rate = 60
next_data_time = 1476392737

Event: receive1
get_segmeter_data = false
command = nil
status = timeout
stream = nil

Event: open(data_file_path)
big_string = nil
data_file = file (0x45d820)

Event: close(data_file)
data_file = file (closed)

Event: get_data_timer
output = false
data_rate = 60
next_data_time = 1476392737

Event: receive1
get_segmeter_data = false
command = nil
status = timeout
stream = nil

Event: open(data_file_path)
big_string = nil
data_file = file (0x46b448)

Event: close(data_file)
data_file = file (closed)

Event: write2(data_file)
save_data = true
data_file = file (0x45b810)

Event: get_data_timer
output = false
data_rate = 60
next_data_time = 1476392737

Event: receive1
get_segmeter_data = false
command = nil
status = timeout
stream = nil

Event: open(data_file_path)
big_string = nil
data_file = file (0x476d78)

Event: close(data_file)
data_file = file (closed)

Event: write2(data_file)
save_data = true
data_file = file (0x459908)

Event: get_data_timer
output = true
data_rate = 60
next_data_time = 1476392807
:::

Event: send1
get_segmeter_data = true
command = (all_nodes (start_data))
status = timeout
stream = nil

Event: receive1
get_segmeter_data = false
command = nil
status = timeout
stream = nil

Event: open(data_file_path)
big_string = nil
data_file = file (0x4544e8)

Event: close(data_file)
data_file = file (closed)

Event: write2(data_file)
save_data = true
data_file = file (0x45ed60)

Event: get_data_timer
output = false
data_rate = 60
next_data_time = 1476392807

Event: receive1
get_segmeter_data = false
command = nil
status = timeout
stream = nil

Event: open(data_file_path)
big_string = nil
data_file = file (0x470a78)

Event: close(data_file)
data_file = file (closed)

Event: get_data_timer
output = false
data_rate = 60
next_data_time = 1476392807

Event: receive1
get_segmeter_data = false
command = nil
status = timeout
stream = nil

Event: open(data_file_path)
big_string = nil
data_file = file (0x468290)

Event: close(data_file)
data_file = file (closed)

Event: get_data_timer
output = false
data_rate = 60
next_data_time = 1476392807

Event: receive1
get_segmeter_data = false
command = nil
status = timeout
stream = nil

Event: open(data_file_path)
big_string = nil
data_file = file (0x45d978)

Event: close(data_file)
data_file = file (closed)

Event: write2(data_file)
save_data = true
data_file = file (0x44f000)

Event: get_data_timer
output = true
data_rate = 60
next_data_time = 1476392878
:::

Event: send1
get_segmeter_data = true
command = (all_nodes (start_data))
status = timeout
stream = nil

Event: receive1
get_segmeter_data = false
command = nil
status = timeout
stream = nil

Event: open(data_file_path)
big_string = nil
data_file = file (0x46c358)

Event: close(data_file)
data_file = file (closed)

Event: get_data_timer
output = false
data_rate = 60
next_data_time = 1476392878

Event: receive1
get_segmeter_data = false
command = nil
status = timeout
stream = nil

Event: open(data_file_path)
big_string = nil
data_file = file (0x456cc8)

Event: close(data_file)
data_file = file (closed)

Event: get_data_timer
output = false
data_rate = 60
next_data_time = 1476392878

Event: receive1
get_segmeter_data = false
command = nil
status = timeout
stream = nil

Event: open(data_file_path)
big_string = nil
data_file = file (0x45fcf8)

Event: close(data_file)
data_file = file (closed)

Event: write2(data_file)
save_data = true
data_file = file (0x4549c8)

Event: get_data_timer
output = false
data_rate = 60
next_data_time = 1476392878

Event: receive1
get_segmeter_data = false
command = nil
status = timeout
stream = nil

Event: open(data_file_path)
big_string = nil
data_file = file (0x45d7e0)

Event: close(data_file)
data_file = file (closed)

Event: get_data_timer
output = false
data_rate = 60
next_data_time = 1476392878

Event: receive1
get_segmeter_data = false
command = nil
status = timeout
stream = nil

Event: open(data_file_path)
big_string = nil
data_file = file (0x460bd0)

Event: close(data_file)
data_file = file (closed)

Event: get_data_timer
output = false
data_rate = 60
next_data_time = 1476392878

Event: receive1
get_segmeter_data = false
command = nil
status = timeout
stream = nil

Event: open(data_file_path)
big_string = nil
data_file = file (0x475f08)

Event: close(data_file)
data_file = file (closed)

Event: write2(data_file)
save_data = true
data_file = file (0x45ed60)

Event: get_data_timer
output = true
data_rate = 60
next_data_time = 1476392960
:::

Event: send1
get_segmeter_data = true
command = (all_nodes (start_data))
status = timeout
stream = nil

Event: receive1
get_segmeter_data = false
command = nil
status = timeout
stream = nil

Event: open(data_file_path)
big_string = nil
data_file = file (0x466908)

Event: close(data_file)
data_file = file (closed)

Event: write2(data_file)
save_data = true
data_file = file (0x477b70)

Event: get_data_timer
output = false
data_rate = 60
next_data_time = 1476392960

Event: receive1
get_segmeter_data = false
command = nil
status = timeout
stream = nil

Event: open(data_file_path)
big_string = nil
data_file = file (0x44efe0)

Event: close(data_file)
data_file = file (closed)

Event: get_data_timer
output = false
data_rate = 60
next_data_time = 1476392960

Event: receive1
get_segmeter_data = false
command = nil
status = timeout
stream = nil

Event: open(data_file_path)
big_string = nil
data_file = file (0x456bb8)

Event: close(data_file)
data_file = file (closed)

Event: get_data_timer
output = false
data_rate = 60
next_data_time = 1476392960

Event: receive1
get_segmeter_data = false
command = nil
status = timeout
stream = nil

Event: open(data_file_path)
big_string = nil
data_file = file (0x476b50)

Event: close(data_file)
data_file = file (closed)

Event: write2(data_file)
save_data = true
data_file = file (0x4530f0)

Event: get_data_timer
output = false
data_rate = 60
next_data_time = 1476392960

Event: receive1
get_segmeter_data = false
command = nil
status = timeout
stream = nil

Event: open(data_file_path)
big_string = nil
data_file = file (0x4538b8)

Event: close(data_file)
data_file = file (closed)

Event: write2(data_file)
save_data = true
data_file = file (0x4680f0)

Event: get_data_timer
output = true
data_rate = 60
next_data_time = 1476393026
:::

Event: send1
get_segmeter_data = true
command = (all_nodes (start_data))
status = timeout
stream = nil

Event: receive1
get_segmeter_data = false
command = nil
status = timeout
stream = nil

Event: open(data_file_path)
big_string = nil
data_file = file (0x46a348)

Event: close(data_file)
data_file = file (closed)

Event: get_data_timer
output = false
data_rate = 60
next_data_time = 1476393026

Event: receive1
get_segmeter_data = false
command = nil
status = timeout
stream = nil

Event: open(data_file_path)
big_string = nil
data_file = file (0x466710)

Event: close(data_file)
data_file = file (closed)

Event: get_data_timer
output = false
data_rate = 60
next_data_time = 1476393026

Event: receive1
get_segmeter_data = false
command = nil
status = timeout
stream = nil

Event: open(data_file_path)
big_string = nil
data_file = file (0x470a60)

Event: close(data_file)
data_file = file (closed)

Event: write2(data_file)
save_data = true
data_file = file (0x476f50)

Event: get_data_timer
output = false
data_rate = 60
next_data_time = 1476393026

Event: receive1
get_segmeter_data = false
command = nil
status = timeout
stream = nil

Event: open(data_file_path)
big_string = nil
data_file = file (0x456ac0)

Event: close(data_file)
data_file = file (closed)

Event: get_data_timer
output = true
data_rate = 60
next_data_time = 1476393088
:::

Event: send1
get_segmeter_data = true
command = (all_nodes (start_data))
status = timeout
stream = nil

Event: receive1
get_segmeter_data = false
command = nil
status = timeout
stream = nil

Event: open(data_file_path)
big_string = nil
data_file = file (0x46b580)

Event: close(data_file)
data_file = file (closed)

Event: write2(data_file)
save_data = true
data_file = file (0x44d1f0)

Event: get_data_timer
output = false
data_rate = 60
next_data_time = 1476393088

Event: receive1
get_segmeter_data = false
command = nil
status = timeout
stream = nil

Event: open(data_file_path)
big_string = nil
data_file = file (0x46b3d8)

Event: close(data_file)
data_file = file (closed)

Event: get_data_timer
output = false
data_rate = 60
next_data_time = 1476393088

Event: receive1
get_segmeter_data = false
command = nil
status = timeout
stream = nil

Event: open(data_file_path)
big_string = nil
data_file = file (0x460b50)

Event: close(data_file)
data_file = file (closed)

Event: get_data_timer
output = false
data_rate = 60
next_data_time = 1476393088

Event: receive1
get_segmeter_data = false
command = nil
status = timeout
stream = nil

Event: open(data_file_path)
big_string = nil
data_file = file (0x4566f0)

Event: close(data_file)
data_file = file (closed)

Event: write2(data_file)
save_data = true
data_file = file (0x461ef0)

Event: get_data_timer
output = false
data_rate = 60
next_data_time = 1476393088

Event: receive1
get_segmeter_data = false
command = nil
status = timeout
stream = nil

Event: open(data_file_path)
big_string = nil
data_file = file (0x4680f0)

Event: close(data_file)
data_file = file (closed)

Event: get_data_timer
output = false
data_rate = 60
next_data_time = 1476393088

Event: receive1
get_segmeter_data = false
command = nil
status = timeout
stream = nil

Event: open(data_file_path)
big_string = nil
data_file = file (0x4679d0)

Event: close(data_file)
data_file = file (closed)

Event: get_data_timer
output = true
data_rate = 60
next_data_time = 1476393164
:::

Event: send1
get_segmeter_data = true
command = (all_nodes (start_data))
status = timeout
stream = nil

Event: receive1
get_segmeter_data = false
command = nil
status = timeout
stream = nil

Event: open(data_file_path)
big_string = nil
data_file = file (0x476140)

Event: close(data_file)
data_file = file (closed)

Event: write2(data_file)
save_data = true
data_file = file (0x468318)

Event: get_data_timer
output = false
data_rate = 60
next_data_time = 1476393164

Event: receive1
get_segmeter_data = false
command = nil
status = timeout
stream = nil

Event: open(data_file_path)
big_string = nil
data_file = file (0x46a300)

Event: close(data_file)
data_file = file (closed)

Event: get_data_timer
output = false
data_rate = 60
next_data_time = 1476393164

Event: receive1
get_segmeter_data = false
command = nil
status = timeout
stream = nil

Event: open(data_file_path)
big_string = nil
data_file = file (0x466888)

Event: close(data_file)
data_file = file (closed)

Event: write2(data_file)
save_data = true
data_file = file (0x457a40)

Event: get_data_timer
output = false
data_rate = 60
next_data_time = 1476393164

Event: receive1
get_segmeter_data = false
command = nil
status = timeout
stream = nil

Event: open(data_file_path)
big_string = nil
data_file = file (0x456368)

Event: close(data_file)
data_file = file (closed)

Event: get_data_timer
output = true
data_rate = 60
next_data_time = 1476393239
:::

Event: send1
get_segmeter_data = true
command = (all_nodes (start_data))
status = timeout
stream = nil

Event: receive1
get_segmeter_data = false
command = nil
status = timeout
stream = nil

Event: open(data_file_path)
big_string = nil
data_file = file (0x4549a8)

Event: close(data_file)
data_file = file (closed)

Event: write2(data_file)
save_data = true
data_file = file (0x477030)

Event: get_data_timer
output = false
data_rate = 60
next_data_time = 1476393239

Event: receive1
get_segmeter_data = false
command = nil
status = timeout
stream = nil

Event: open(data_file_path)
big_string = nil
data_file = file (0x476ed8)

Event: close(data_file)
data_file = file (closed)

Event: get_data_timer
output = false
data_rate = 60
next_data_time = 1476393239

Event: receive1
get_segmeter_data = false
command = nil
status = timeout
stream = nil

Event: open(data_file_path)
big_string = nil
data_file = file (0x468140)

Event: close(data_file)
data_file = file (closed)

Event: write2(data_file)
save_data = true
data_file = file (0x454b28)

Event: get_data_timer
output = false
data_rate = 60
next_data_time = 1476393239

Event: receive1
get_segmeter_data = false
command = nil
status = timeout
stream = nil

Event: open(data_file_path)
big_string = nil
data_file = file (0x454c20)

Event: close(data_file)
data_file = file (closed)

Event: get_data_timer
output = false
data_rate = 60
next_data_time = 1476393239

Event: receive1
get_segmeter_data = false
command = nil
status = timeout
stream = nil

Event: open(data_file_path)
big_string = nil
data_file = file (0x460bd8)

Event: close(data_file)
data_file = file (closed)

Event: get_data_timer
output = true
data_rate = 60
next_data_time = 1476393309
:::

Event: send1
get_segmeter_data = true
command = (all_nodes (start_data))
status = timeout
stream = nil

Event: receive1
get_segmeter_data = false
command = nil
status = timeout
stream = nil

Event: open(data_file_path)
big_string = nil
data_file = file (0x467a88)

Event: close(data_file)
data_file = file (closed)

Event: get_data_timer
output = false
data_rate = 60
next_data_time = 1476393309

Event: receive1
get_segmeter_data = false
command = nil
status = timeout
stream = nil

Event: open(data_file_path)
big_string = nil
data_file = file (0x475bd8)

Event: close(data_file)
data_file = file (closed)

Event: write2(data_file)
save_data = true
data_file = file (0x469910)

Event: get_data_timer
output = false
data_rate = 60
next_data_time = 1476393309

Event: receive1
get_segmeter_data = false
command = nil
status = timeout
stream = nil

Event: open(data_file_path)
big_string = nil
data_file = file (0x456e20)

Event: close(data_file)
data_file = file (closed)

Event: get_data_timer
output = false
data_rate = 60
next_data_time = 1476393309

Event: receive1
get_segmeter_data = false
command = nil
status = timeout
stream = nil

Event: open(data_file_path)
big_string = nil
data_file = file (0x45b898)

Event: close(data_file)
data_file = file (closed)

Event: write2(data_file)
save_data = true
data_file = file (0x46a340)

Event: get_data_timer
output = false
data_rate = 60
next_data_time = 1476393309

Event: receive1
get_segmeter_data = false
command = nil
status = timeout
stream = nil

Event: open(data_file_path)
big_string = nil
data_file = file (0x4452a0)

Event: close(data_file)
data_file = file (closed)

Event: get_data_timer
output = true
data_rate = 60
next_data_time = 1476393387
:::

Event: send1
get_segmeter_data = true
command = (all_nodes (start_data))
status = timeout
stream = nil

Event: receive1
get_segmeter_data = false
command = nil
status = timeout
stream = nil

Event: open(data_file_path)
big_string = nil
data_file = file (0x44f1b0)

Event: close(data_file)
data_file = file (closed)

Event: get_data_timer
output = false
data_rate = 60
next_data_time = 1476393387

Event: receive1
get_segmeter_data = false
command = nil
status = timeout
stream = nil

Event: open(data_file_path)
big_string = nil
data_file = file (0x457c80)

Event: close(data_file)
data_file = file (closed)

Event: write2(data_file)
save_data = true
data_file = file (0x4530f0)

Event: get_data_timer
output = false
data_rate = 60
next_data_time = 1476393387

Event: receive1
get_segmeter_data = false
command = nil
status = timeout
stream = nil

Event: open(data_file_path)
big_string = nil
data_file = file (0x453838)

Event: close(data_file)
data_file = file (closed)

Event: get_data_timer
output = false
data_rate = 60
next_data_time = 1476393387

Event: receive1
get_segmeter_data = false
command = nil
status = timeout
stream = nil

Event: open(data_file_path)
big_string = nil
data_file = file (0x466910)

Event: close(data_file)
data_file = file (closed)

Event: get_data_timer
output = false
data_rate = 60
next_data_time = 1476393387

Event: receive1
get_segmeter_data = false
command = nil
status = timeout
stream = nil

Event: open(data_file_path)
big_string = nil
data_file = file (0x4564b8)

Event: close(data_file)
data_file = file (closed)

Event: write2(data_file)
save_data = true
data_file = file (0x44f200)

Event: get_data_timer
output = true
data_rate = 60
next_data_time = 1476393448
